RT @PyxelStyx: GIVEAWAY TIME! Retweet to be in with a chance of winning an avatar just like one of these! Competition ends 24th Feb http://…. Did You Guys See My New Animation!Butter Slapper!?!
check It Out!. Hello Guys!Sky Here I'm sorry for the lack of Videos!;(. I'm so butiful! http://t.co/hCpg7uCISF. Today it's my Birthday Guys!Im having a great time here with Tyler!. Hello guys Sky here,and welcome to my new Twitter Chanel!!!. Hello guys Sky here!Right now I have one thing to say!
BUDDER!!!!!!
#BudderBlocks http://t.co/QN9E0mjaQn

Send me the best SkyvsGaming video according to you. What if Minecraft was all circles tho. When you dentist hard af. 👀. In case you missed it  a new GTA V is up for your viewing pleasure https://youtu.be/esXEnFmvkdI. Hide your lunch money. Brand new Bed Wars with me and Red https://youtu.be/-5Gb1Azt7fA. Me  Red  Preston Danger and Evan K? play Shotgun Farmers. Trigger warning: corn  carrots https://youtu.be/imZ5TwKsFVM. Brand new Minecraft Animation is up! Tweet back with your favorite joke from the episode https://youtu.be/SKqH5cN4hCA. Need a mood booster? Office Antics Improv Sunday should do the trick https://youtu.be/0tbADT7X5zQ. Decided to start a moped gang with the boys https://youtu.be/ODuadwTzQ80. "NaN". VR CHALLENGE: GORN! https://youtu.be/hi1KuVCWjrY. Time to get pampered  in GTA V? Yup  it’s the makeover edition. Join us! https://youtu.be/wYhovJLtgVU. http://twitter.com/RedVacktor/status/878318951091937280. Brand new THE OFFICE is now up on SkyDoesMinecraft https://youtu.be/6wgt8O4RtxE. Evil  but kawaii. Awesome #FanArtFriday by none other than Scribb Socks.. Ever watched an ASMIR vid? They’re pretty trippy... so we had everyone in the office give one a go. The results: https://youtu.be/K6lEBsSvEmg. We’re in GTA V looking for the best taco truck... because we can. Join us! https://youtu.be/I8aqYh5vAow. New DO NOT LAUGH for your head piece. Trigger warning: fidget spinners... https://youtu.be/g3gS5jP9bX8. Brand new Office Antics Weird News for your eyeballs : Grand Theft Avocado edition? https://youtu.be/0xfszhLJ5pI. Yo—very  very honored to be featured in Forbes Top Influencers for Gaming. https://www.forbes.com/profile/skydoesminecraft/?list=top-influencers-gaming. RED. BED. REDEMPTION. It’s another one w/ Red https://youtu.be/MP0OqgY_ydk. Send me a link to your favorite Minecraft video ever. Give me a camera and this is what happens lol https://youtu.be/74uZYV87Pk8. Guess That Drawing is now live! Let me know if you want more of this Minecraft Pixel Drop Minigames https://youtu.be/FTlQE8Rd9qQ. Barney is not this much taller than me IRL. THE POWER OF FIDGET SPINNER https://youtu.be/aEgVZgeYTQk. If you’re watching YouTube videos  peep this next 👀 https://youtu.be/lZcjFfNjxbc. REQUIRED SUNDAY VIEWING: A brand new Minecraft Animation for your eyeballs https://youtu.be/uTvvBZmpjho. It’s a good Saturday to not die. Join Preston Danger as he teaches you how to make a bow and arrow  in the woods 👀 https://youtu.be/CRon6C76Jew. Get in losers  we’re going shopping. New GTA V Funny Moments with THE WHOLE GANG. https://youtu.be/UvRX-U2gNPk. REQUIRED SATURDAY VIEWING: That time I reviewed water. They’re different  ok? https://youtu.be/FHpyNawx1Sc. Notification Squad  where you at? Brand new video is up on SkyDoesThings. Who’s gonna prevail?! https://youtu.be/xWEjtU8BvAw. New ATTACK ON TITAN Funny Moments is uploaded! RT to bless a TL  peep and let me know what you think https://youtu.be/2ZBL_BSReHY. Listen to the first 5 seconds of this video. I’ll let the rest do the talking. Btw  who remembers Matt Hoffman? 🚴🏻 https://youtu.be/_UQL5XuT_R4. On this #ThursdayReview  Preston Danger gives you the rundown on some of the latest goodies revealed at #E3. https://youtu.be/MrL6UUAOCws. Best of Bed Wars! Now live  with Alesa and Red! https://youtu.be/bklEcc1Wn2s. Um. Yass. https://uploadvr.com/first-images-dragon-ball-vr-revealed/. Is... Is that a bear running a marathon? This and more on the best news show on the internet #WeirdNews https://youtu.be/BdbWtZ0U3v8. Brand new GTA V Funny Moments for your eyeballs 👀 https://youtu.be/cb82shjGaKo. Join me  Red and John (Barney) for what may be the end of The Purge miniseries! The C.O. will decide. https://youtu.be/wH6IjTEBxRA. How are you today  in case no one has asked you yet?. It is with great relief that I announce WE FINALLY BEAT HER! https://youtu.be/tBx7RvJLKA4. Notification squad  where you at?! New Bed Wars minigame with Red is now live. Will the Fidget Lord prevail? https://youtu.be/iGZkASrChXU. When you've had too much covfefe.... new vlog is now live ICMYI yesterday https://youtu.be/5JZy7dYjSTk. Captions are welcomed.. NBA not really your flavor? Try some GTA V Funny Moments instead 😎🐿 https://youtu.be/YJza0CUhXXg. I play “Youtubers Quest” and fight off the “haters” in my pursuit of the Diamond Play Button  now live! https://youtu.be/Qa54WLhhqLI. Gave the new Fidget Spinner Minecraft Mod a spin. https://youtu.be/lBeSk32Ms3U. Office Antics Improv Sundays are back with CHARACTER BASEBALL! https://youtu.be/XAUbMz1idDw. How to make a secret stash book for... uh... whatever #SurvivalSaturday https://youtu.be/tlcrh4ZdUTo. Brand new DO NOT LAUGH with Barney  Evan  Preston and me! We try our best to make each other laugh against all odds. https://youtu.be/TW900Y6cSH0. Notification Squad  wya? New Fresh Friday is up on Office Antics. We give the HTC Vive a spin. Check it out now: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wHon-jbHPAc. Brb  it's yacht time. A new GTA V Funny Moments is now live on SkyVsGaming! https://youtu.be/1F8jwQ4NMxQ. It's getting hot in here. Join me  John (Barney) and Red in a brand new THE OFFICE role play! https://youtu.be/UmYFwIKAp14. Have you seen Wonder Woman yet? If so  catch (or lasso) the Office Antics review with Evan K? and Monica https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=frEV5Y5VPHk. Brand new video on SkyVsGaming in which Red and I knock each other's rockers as super heroes in Injustice 2 https://youtu.be/8fe456MPDsM. Streamy nominations end June 9th. So  tomorrow is the last day to use this gif. Let's spread the word Sky Army! bit.ly/SkyDoesStreamys. ICYMI yesterday: WEIRD NEWS on Office Antics! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R1q1hsmxojo. 👀 http://twitter.com/RedVacktor/status/872509763254272000. It’s kinda early in the week to die  don’t you think? Try to survive with us in a brand new The Purge minigame https://youtu.be/Ho59836u2JM. Fidget Spinner POV. Yes. That’s what I said. https://youtu.be/pvMlD95Wj8s. Let's do this one for the Sky Army! Share to spread the word  Recruits: Streamy Awards nominations end Friday June 9th! bit.ly/SkyDoesStreamys. Who’s on summer break? More GTA V madness for your Tuesday. https://youtu.be/ZGUDXrut_lk. https://twitter.com/yoitsadambro/status/871653705279352832. Good morning U.K. fans. Dodge fire trucks with me and the GTA V squad as we play Avalanche on SkyVsGaming! https://youtu.be/6nQxD6ebmVU. ICYMI: Brand new Minecraft Animation that may or may not make your day. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ND5i9MWWDoA. Choose one.. .Evan K? gets things spinning in “Fidget-Me-Not!” on Office Antics 🔃 https://youtu.be/Pidj8Egze_o. ICYMI: Preston Danger gets handy for the first installment of Survival Saturday on Office Antics! https://youtu.be/Z3uROm8Eqds. If you love Attack On Titan  you’re gonna love this https://youtu.be/nCsNIk4aHI8. Best moments from GTA V 😈 https://youtu.be/NV7BdIqv0Pg. If you don’t know  now you know. I review different waters  now on SkyDoesThings https://youtu.be/FHpyNawx1Sc. New GTA Online Funny Moments  TRON BIKE MADNESS. Haven’t done this in a while  so let me know if you dig it. https://youtu.be/0adrvNcwdEY. Recruits  join us as we try to escape an evil teacher on the night of THE PURGE! https://youtu.be/EcTYFmVYWsM. May or may not have defeated Annie this time around. Join us! https://youtu.be/V-rEVE6JsRE. Do your noggin a solid. You owe it to your head to rest it on a pillow this buddery. Snag this pillow and more: http://www.teespring.com/stores/skyarmy. Did you hear the news? Very excited about what's coming next for Office Antics Evan K? Preston Danger  https://youtu.be/MeIhiNBD6Pc. Join me  John (Barney) and the gang in a new  Tiny Racers Mod! It’s like big racing  but hella tiny. https://youtu.be/e1k6W8_U7NM. Notification squad  where you at? Watch this new DO NOT LAUGH and let us know which of us is the funniest 👉 https://youtu.be/4MOXT0NAM94. Sky Army  Streamy Awards nominations are open until June 9th. Share to spread the word!  bit.ly/SkyDoesStreamys. (Name this band) Enjoy this new BaconMan Edition of Minecraft Animation! https://youtu.be/kkvbvpIzPUc. Can you believe it’s been a year?. We’ve been doing improv classes to get ready for the camera. Here’s one of our favorite warm ups: PITCH THAT MOVIE! https://youtu.be/7V_SepI1ROQ. Teamwork is 💯 Watch Red and I [try to] defend our beds in a new Bed Wars! https://youtu.be/hUVdiM9H7i4. Oh god  John (Barney)  Red  Evan K? and I play Do Not Laugh in a new SkyDoesMinecraft vid! https://youtu.be/XcucS7ontGs. Back with the gang as we race on GTA V  ᵇᵘᵗ ʳᵉᵃᶫᶫʸ ᵗᶦᶰʸ! https://youtu.be/Mm6GNTPGSbk. Who wants to be a scientist? That's not a question  it's the name of our one-of-a-kind game show on Office Antics! https://youtu.be/6qB-Ca358Ww. Back at it again with Gmod DEATHRUN!  https://youtu.be/PAd9An1Hi4I. Who will be the Bed King? Red and I battle it out with other teams in this Bed Wars Minigame. 
👉 https://youtu.be/s2NOjXI1knQ. It’s all in the prep. Doing improv warm ups before shooting sketches. Woosh.. Yo  we might finally do it! Thank you to everyone  who helped us get better at this via tweets and comments.  https://youtu.be/hPlmqw1momA. Join me  John (Barney) and YouTube sensation Red as we try to survive THE PURGE! https://youtu.be/cxDrx6aCRDg. I swear I’m not scared...you’re scared! Okay  maybe a little. New Bendy vid now up on SkyVsGaming https://youtu.be/mI9vopq2bRs. The Bed Wars dream team is back in full force Red 😈 https://youtu.be/0-g4qe5PiO4. Hark... what ancient technological secrets are harbored beyond this door?. Today  Red  Preston  Morgan and I give the Highrise Brawlers Mod a go on GTA V 🏢
👉 https://youtu.be/dPs199Clia4. First lyric video from Net Nobody is up. Thanks again to everyone so far who has listened  followed and downloaded 🙏 https://youtu.be/gu2ny4K-o6I. We’re back with another hilarious Bendy-themed episode Minecraft Hide N Seek!
👉 https://youtu.be/z4mqSo4xRGo. MTV CRIBS - Sky Media edition. Meet everyone in the office and see where we hang out... and snack.  https://youtu.be/XhFaRyFyZTs
I'm in a place where ladies are always at the kitchen what the heck Ross hey guys sky here and uh before you ask before you ask about the makeup let me just make it clear I didn't do this to my sky why are you wearing makeup even though I'm absolutely gorgeous I didn't do this to myself if you guys want to check out I see them typing comments right now hey sky watch with the makeup where can I go to see why sky does things guys sky does things my channel I did a makeup challenge with Lisa I can't get it off so um I decided you know what this is just who I am now I think I look beautiful comment down below if you think I look beautiful but anyway guys before this video starts as always guys don't say thank you so much for all the support you guys have been showing my channel and everything I do welcome back to hide and seek five nights at Freddy's do you guys want us to do more um um we're gonna do more anyways it's gonna happen but you guys should go check out Jess's channel because she is awesome and she pretty much puts this all together for us every time so thank you so much Jess you are awesome people thanks Jett you know and if you guys want to as well you can go check out my friend Korey has recently released this new role play which I know that you guys are hungry for role place and some well I mean you could always check out some one Jess's channel too because she's got an awesome role play if you guys want you can go check out new skate pro his link will be flashing on screen right here and in the description he just uploaded this first episode of this Fallout roleplay it's pretty crazy pretty wild it's insane I'm gonna be joining in halfway through the first season so that's gonna be really cool too so I guess with that being said and my text message is going off uh let's start the game again oh my god it's just a big Ross it's the big old Ross look at that thing it's roommates all over again man wait a minute I'm gonna catch him on fire there we go huh wow you guys are so rude okay you'll never catch me if I'm right here I don't thinks that true no no to do this to be a beautiful will he be able to find me that is the question I can't wait to go like vlog somewhere and just like go up to people acting like nothing wrong hello sir but then again like they're probably not they'll probably not ask anything at all because people are pretty accepting in Seattle so they probably wouldn't even say thing oh my god you have a beard uh weird huh no check November dude I'm excited like I'm gonna keep my beard as it is now and then go into no-shave November into Allen oh my god aligning people right now I'm gonna see what you got I am gonna trim here though guys I'm gonna trim here because I don't want it to like overtake and like fuse with my chest hair wait Rob have you really not found me no God no you all have beards right everywhere awful no just I can't grow facial hair what my face is barren there we got oh no my friend is gone another one's whitey bus is either mourn us yeah another one bites the dust oh that's where boom another one bites does anything and another one gone and another one gone another one bites dust and that is when I get sued for once I've got another can fish I've got another abrasion me Jin Bob's got it getting interrupted over and over again yeah I love you guys I'm sorry Jen what were you trying to say what's that when we were already together with Spanish yeah you're eating a bunch of pizza right remember when we all had a bunch of Pizza dude that pesto play games so good oh yes wait that's like every single day wait what do you do yeah but that one's up we're eating a bunch of pizzas again I kept running through my head over and over again Bam Bam Bam another one buys the crust ha ha ha ha and another slice gone in another slice go little advice across what the heck man I was really surprised this hiding spots were dude Ross go in the hallway I'm in the same four other hallway hello Oh Oh came in to Hawaii that was uh oh that was just you passed me have you guys even looked outside I'm in the same ah even you don't even make like a big scene you didn't even make a deal out of it do you know how bad my content just suffered a kill it counted to wall the Seekers won wha what no way less sequía 10 seconds they won noise she not agree not have told you where I was I should not three seconds left lane protects the timer was up what the heck that's so stupid yeah I know rocket Rick Jim Jim's like actually like you can hear the disappointment is but that's crap I was standing right there the time take down an OPP is there anybody around here you guys want to hang out guy so high that you guys watch em yeah you wanna touch you oh I am the scene you want white the almighty seeker not many know my amazing magical seeking powers and yours fake you're not the real one ah what the guys money sound like a youtube comment your face that's not real phony big phony at least it's not as bad as whenever probably any of us go on a server where they think we're instantly fake yeah I remember going on mineplex and I have a youtuber rank they're people like oh that's not the real Jim Bob Who am I then why can't I why can't I wake up every morning gin I don't understand why it has my same question Who am I if you guys ever just thought to yourself what is wrong you ever just look at stars hahaha yo Ross yo yeah where you at bro Rahl I'm backstage bro brah yeah brah bro back say would you get those VIP passes though bro dude du brah totally to the 1d concert oh yeah hmm oh my god it's coming down the tunnel take profit very important pizza like that yes every speed sighs very important No Wow every pizza sacred yeah not that right man not happening see the thing is the thing is you always manage to Juke me and I'm not letting it happen today Ross we have limited time we need to get everybody hurry Ross all right darn it where'd you go Barney oh no I was never visible you were right near me for Bernie Bernie where are you knops Oh Bernie got slapped yeah what how wait - oh is that gin the heck Jay got your leg was right there gin - accordion I know I've ever seen Barney come out there scooting around on his butt but yeah that's why we ran off that's how I found you is because I thought you were Barney in all honesty I mean I know Barney and I look similar similar you know like he has the beard and I have not where's Jess where is Jess now you just need Jess I'm in a place where ladies are always at the kitchen what the heck Ross ha ha ha I was about to say the bathroom I was going for that too but but Ross just just took the cake yep escape what just wasn't even in the bathroom you lied to me too Wow I mean I don't have to dream about use about oh wow whoa whoa Wow Jess Wow whoa Wow whoa ha ha ha ha country I can use the bathroom wherever I want I'm pretty sure that violate vegetable thief as you're saying to the police while you take a dump on the freeway all I know is I got cheap baggage I don't know I got lost when you guys are talking about bro stuff and then uh bro yeah bro musica readily but who is seeking yes ah what quite until yeah only the fine is the Seekers available in this content hmm you're always so like anti-climactic you come in and slap me that's it no I didn't me honestly I was going to do like some yargh in with you no but the problem was is that I kept hitting everything thinking that Ross is like hiding in the shadows and what did I guess you'll never find me I'm not like that one episode that he juked you like three times I couldn't stop losing beautiful Oh God you got frickin smack no right now I think the favorite I watched back you put your hand yeah he was hiding in the corner and your dad thought it was actually covering him do you know how many tweeter pictures like out of that Oh people like just lull you get your fov peripheral vision again I'm comfy down here with my body half embedded in the wall if you could let my panties slap him let's slap him like we're gonna slap that like button oh that's the one just slap me we're out right yes look at me look at me look at me Jen are you gonna do no-shave November uh I can't Safin somewhat slapping your skin dunno I mean I didn't know Shave November for like twelve years of my life oh there you are wait really because oh okay then the light ball went on do where is everybody you're on 10th yeah oh ah you're on another tip yeah I was learning how to read nice so easy are you like a library or something yes did you did you really not see your ass up there on the roof he was just standing there on the roof just kind of chillin yeah he's just he's literally just standing there right called why did cheater hey where is he how's it going where is he hi I can't even reach you I can't even reach you anyway God dang it Ross alright I have a point in what's your plan Gold book it okay not happening today alright now we just need Bernie I didn't want to be out there and no one get me so that's why I know you know what oh I don't need I don't need your safety I don't need your sympathy like were you gonna game-mode yourself to get to me though no I actually getting to you but you're like no no no I know cheeky dude she was gonna cheat yeah no he's gonna happen you yeah I was there she told me fed Siri yeah she said it do all this rot yeah she told me like right before this video started yeah I'm gonna cheat when we spread I don't trust you bros I don't know something quiet oh this is ah this is the end video so I'm gonna I'm gonna get right on here and then ah yes what yes yes oh yeah whoa oh we won for the first time ever whoa look at that my eyes I was on that was five nights at Freddy's hide-and-seek Ross finally didn't win one that was pretty crazy if you guys liked this commentary new to the channel click that like and the subscribe button also make sure to check out sky does things and new skate Pro and Jess in the description below because they're all beautiful people but I guess with that being said guys I'll see you guys later you 
better tell my name is linguini say what now why do you guys Skyrim with that guy Barney red bacterin one of my god that fits so perfectly on your head all right I'm on stay it looks like Cookie Monster like literally when bloodthirsty and he has a person in his mouth this is no longer our you know guys anyway guys welcome back to do not laugh before this video starts guys as always I want to say thank you so much for all the support you get shown my channel permission in the deal you guys are awesome you should feel awesome and if you guys want to go ahead and show some more support you go ahead and slap that like button comment down below a joke um and that I don't dance video gets 30,000 likes when we find Barney hey guys where's that for Barney no I'd be like I can't find it where is he where's am i I mean he's got hi bye let's off me yeah guys concert did you know laughs pretty simple first person three points wins in order to get points you have to make the person in the center laugh so um next you want you want go in the center yeah I got there it's like really early in the morning so I'm really butthurt so it's just don't worry man I got this I'm gonna start out I'm gonna start out strong nobody's gonna click away from this video all right next turn around okay we've got all day man I mean okay hi max turn around I did absolutely nothing I just wanted you to turn around okay here you go I've been thinking about this for a long time now what all right give you my heart ow is it do you like it are you okay I mean I'm okay but do you like it this I think says his actual art puts that back in there do you like it was it worth it how is he still talking no Adam I was not laughing hold on talking again yeah like yeah did you laugh or what's up that I don't know I left because did I mind crowded died for nothing I mean you shot a shoulder I didn't know I didn't my okay who's okay I don't even know which one I am dude we do totally Jack Frank and Louis what are you talking about you're Louis yeah isn't it clear that you're Louis Lee unless I did it all right small person get in the middle my are you calling me small dude and it's keep looking max all right yeah can I look at anything else why what'd I do please okay I'd rather look at the Sun what can I do but you can use it up Bradley he looks a holy oh hello there sir introduced in s.res news house key their turn given when he's not here here it's hard only for it for small payments if it's nineties $9,000 you can have a house either I don't understand Barney doesn't even have to do anything and I just find it hilarious you want a warm house and Barney yeah in the middle Eisen mill all right Barney I need you to look towards this this way this way look this way okay oh yeah you finally finished I'll be ready for my joke all right funny I'm laughing because you guys don't know the stuff that's happening when we transition and if you're feeling max right now look look straight look straight oh oh so my name is Jerry I used to hold a lot of blockbusters before they way out of business but that's not important I've made a do business and it's bound to sell millions fog no no no doing what are you judging me fart okay I know is good am the ultimate salesman and I'm here to sell you bouncy beds look at this look at the quality of this bounce and they come in different colors do you guys take investment opportunities 1 million dollars only bounty good and this is my assistant porky she bounces on the beds to ensure the quality of bounciness yeah Jerry yes yeah oh my god we just watched welcome to another episode of shark tank can I say what you did it I did it you don't have to talk Barney anymore I'm sorry hey yo is it my turn to go no it's mine all right let's do this alright ready to tear out I can turn around yeah I think I finally did it I think I know the code to cure every single person in the world of anything it's gotta do science let's go through signs over here signs over there yeah it's sites sites sigh oh I escaped on science science sites I hide I read I'm going to need you follow me well yeah and read this out loud ok ok by the time you finish reading this Barney will be you did it I'm cured my job is done I give you points and I give you friendship and return I don't want that okay all right max get in the center I'm about to make you laugh so hard that you jump up your pants you guys we're just gonna leave me dead yeah a little bit Barney make him laugh oh you can do Barney you guys can I remember it I remember it now there's the new rookie what was your score on the test like seven how did you even get in here let me ask you you you're confuse I've I am this is not his job okay with people's life is on the line okay oh man it's got curse as in the calls in home base okay all this base this is rocking scammer he's looking a little bit like saying Lexus falls noob salute David call duty goes ahead and gives us our mission this is a home base at man camo uh we had a code ten five four three two one I'm so confused we got the ten four is five two wants I don't know what's going on Mille jumpers days on the job what ha ha I got this I think is the wife's wire maybe it's the blue no are you gonna move jails all by oh good all right Barney get in the center I'm about to make you laugh so hard that you're not even gonna know what to do with yourself you know I'm ready all right turn around welcome to Big Al's uh lamp Emporium haze BL you want to buy a lamp maybe's what's your top of the line stuff my top of the line well I'm gonna have to take you over here for that come on over it's gonna leave this important empties Oh I actually lose over here I lied I just want her to want to walk with you anyway check this out this one right here luxury as you can see we got this beautiful cashmere cover on this beautiful lamp yaaaas red that's really my color dog oh okay then maybe we can interest you in this this redstone lamp right here all you need is a one piece of redstone to activate it yeah yeah knows what likes I really don't like red well how about this amazing office lamp right here Bank oh that's my baby perfect perfect gotta be five hundred dollars what thirty dollars okay and why are you laughing I'm not I'm not done to joke yet I brought I'm not done with the joke stop laughing five bucks how's about I spread the word boss yours Emporium and yours give me port break well you know what oh you know what I could actually hook you up you know what here's a candlestick what inviting buy anything I'm be honest man all I did was get a bunch of lamps in my inventory and then want I just wing that man oh yeah I didn't have a joke I don't know battle I got your point don't worry thanks brick no problem Oh ours don't even say anything nice bro the robbed bread makes me laugh turn around him okay we're ready drink it Adam hold it around not laugh it's the name of the game prove your viewers that you're not stupid I promise guys I'm not stupid all right hey all right it's me a master of movies oh I'm here to show you more mystical powers Levu do Hey listen him he doesn't have a nice power oh man dude the glasses on his head of killing me all right everybody pick move only works with cows Barney you told me that yours good makes gulps just doubles male oh man you know sometimes my Luger doesn't bring in that much money man let me ask you how's do you feel about father I don't um well no first your don't like you want no no no that's not your friend it's Moody hey you out I'm sorry the voice just got me I tried man he was that voice in his last joking around what are you doing what is this what is happening looks I didn't do insider trading I just wanted to make someone joke about the funny salesman more concerned than I am scared now yeah I don't I don't understand I don't know sir oh my god how light I don't even understand right here we go okay terrific all right red let me make you laugh oh my god red you were so tall you to go I guess so take a seat all right um and then we talked over the phone but yeah anybody else es okay I got we need but you have stuff I have stuff but what's down we're gonna need stuff first  to yourself you know I know I don't have this stuff but I'm gonna need stuff now I got an egg all right that's all I need there you go great oh my god what is with you in corn dogs good on a good job yeah what is that be corn dogs dogs are great it's like cornbread on a hot dog all right max I have a joke specifically designed for you not really you wouldn't make me mad this entire episode I'm purposely not going to laugh yeah don't laugh so I can win yeah I'd rather let red win is what you get Adam karma this is just being mean I haven't done anything to you yes he has ours the viewers know because everything's cut out hey buddy will you be hey he laughed like I laughed at myself myself a poit you know what I'm gonna have to do something else you party all right max you can go ahead and turn around yeah none of these pigs work so oh my god Hey knock-knock loser Daisy they do they see me rollin they hatin trying to catch me ridin dirty gonna Grover I'm dirty this might even run dirty i'm on a boat i'm smirking i'm on a boat i'm smoking out of you do it COO give you know don't you get it though max i reckon they see me cry ridin Daisy I know you made a pun nothing what I said there yeah get the pun yeah I got the pun yeah I got it yeah here I come I'll go away yeah I'm gonna go get you better take my name is linguini say what now my name is Lena minute just get out of I make you laugh yeah alright fine alright max are you ready for my super original joke that needs no building I guess at the end of the day if nobody wish my pig worked look it's not working for oh alright max I need you to come take a seat over on these one of these little chairs everyone come take a seat I made chairs for everyone call me linguini art linguini pasta um porky this is the story wait let me open the story I forget already what issues don't laugh and we just sit here awkwardly with no no more jokes actually I made myself life and I made you laugh so I'll just take the one oh it's an interesting ridiculous sorry okay y'all need you to respect your elders and just kind of listen to my story I'm older than you 40 all right look biomes understand the biomes the world is the first step to change them my wife left me four years ago no man named Carl I dunno named man named Carl he was a nice man and then I had to drink lots of plum juice because I had a doodoo now naps with a bunch of dogs really hurt my feelings that maybe laughing well yeah yes your dork great you get it red red wax whatever man oh yeah Mac want to play this anymore yeah dork you just make me feel bad now no joke over here anyway guys those do not laugh before this video ends I want to say thank you so much for all support you guys show my channel pretty much everything to do we're gonna make sure this uh this ends before it gets to cringey linguini yeah thank you so much for watching this episode of do not laugh you guys like this commentary the channel click that like and subscribe button also make sure to check every channel out in the super glow because they're all bit of people floating hand except Adams you 
once you run off like that I don't know I was talking to her about the maze and I've been go into specifics and she just had a ran off yeah they be running for half a day already we have to find her soon I know this is bad we're gonna wind up having to leave her here if we don't find her what did you say to work what did she say anything I was just basically trying to relate to her man and then she just kind of booked it she was kind of like me sort of like a rebel but just not as I guess stable but even you did run through the maze on your first day here I show anywhere in here this whole place is a labyrinth bad know where we're going yeah yeah don't worry I know how to run the maze I just I don't know where the maze she could be we're not gonna get lost right no don't worry I have all the maps written down there I'm a pocket here on my best but us runners we catalogue every single part of the maze so we make sure whenever you run that we never get lost yeah but it makes it a lot harder when we have to find someone who doesn't know the way around yeah I get it you can run the maze but you can't find things specifically in the maze if you don't know where they are we hope that she's somewhere nearby Hey greedy greedy grainy that maybe she's over towards the outer rim hey you need to stop acting irrational and come back I can't you need to rethink this we can't just be running around in the maze like this is dangerous where am I look look you guys snap out of it okay you gotta trust this I know this is all crazy and weird to you now but there's an explanation but we have to leave first I don't know it's becoming late boys just staring at the one that's your most moved to the Outer Rim what what is the outer rim Jin what is this okay so there's there's numerical sequences in the entire maze each section is labeled with the number and we use these numbers to keep track of where we are in the maze and how we navigate the entire thing there's actually two mazes in this entire thing there's an inner tighter maze that's around the glade and then there's a bigger more complex rounder maze that surrounds it what yeah you're cataloguing this for two years we've been finding all the information that we can just trying to get this stuff together but we still haven't found a way out we calm down you need to listen listen to me okay listen to me all right I know it's a bad position that we're in okay and and nobody wants to be here we're all looking for a way to get out we don't know why we're here none of us do but we can't act irrational we can't just run into places that we don't know anything about and what is acting rational actually got you two years of work looking through a maze ok greenie I know this is not the best situation but you have to listen to me I'll explain ok the glades are the safest place for us right now because when the Sun Goes Down and it turns night those doors shut and then the maze reshuffles and the Greve come out right grievers they're big they're dangerous they're ugly and they kill people what I I wrote I don't know much about the grievers personally because like I've never encountered one but from what I've heard they're bad and we don't want to be here it's becoming late and the last thing we want to do is come across one at night I'm fine fine why do you know anything more about grievers Jen I've never told anyone this story but greenie remember wouldn't you first came here and that runner got stung yes while we were running we got separated I went with him and while we were running he ended up getting cornered by a griever and he got stunned I mean we got lucky we managed to get away that was the first time I've ever seen a griever I think that's the first time anyone's ever seen a griever but they're coming out early and earlier in the day they're not coming out at night anymore sometimes it can be around here now what well I know they are we have to leave now before they go all right okay hey follow me I know the way back fun Maude George going to shut you dang it's ah it's closed oh this is bad we didn't make it in time so we have to wait until morning I don't think we're gonna have much waiting what to do the grievers are probably out at the you need to calm down okay we need everybody to be on their on their game let me think maybe we could maybe we could find a place to hide hide this entire place is just dead ends and corridors just nowhere to hide okay calm down okay everything is gonna be fine we're gonna get through this no I don't know what but we can try that's the most important part Jen we should start moving there's no point die no matter where we run the grievers will find us no one's ever been inside the maze for a night and survived for dad but you've survived a griever before I've right at the griever because he turned away and ran for some reason we got lucky okay you don't get that lucky twice okay um this face it's guy were as good as dead no we're not I refuse I refuse to die the first time I go into the maze as a runner yeah well that's how the maze is all right it's dangerous they roll the dice we came up short oh there's gotta be something we can do there's got to be something we can do oh I don't I don't know about you I'm gonna look for a place to hide what but you heard what he said there's nothing there's no place that I need to calm down yeah I'm going to die here because you ran through the maze and led us here hey you guys need to calm down stop do your job Jess wicked is good Jen what have you done doesn't matter we're all dead leave her there Jane don't you can't just leave her here it doesn't matter we're all as good as dead the ground hey wake up wake up hmm she's waking up I remember my name my name is my name is Jess yeah that's great maybe we can put it on your tombstone look it doesn't matter anymore all right I I don't why would you hit me oh boy I lost control okay but look both of you need to calm down all right I can lose control as well stop all right the last thing we want to do is fight each other if we're gonna be dealing with a bigger creature than both of us than all of us then the last thing we want to deal with is each other all right we need a band together and figure out what we're doing okay I mean we might as well be as good as dead but wait there's no scent did you hear that that was a griever cry that was definitely real God we have to move where do we go follow me if we're gonna be running from this griever thing if we're gonna try and survive might as well try and do it right Oh great sign without a fight oh okay we can keep going down through these corridors if we keep going down the right twists and bends maybe we can avoid them do you think that's even gonna work I don't know the base is already starting I can hear walls moving okay okay just keep moving just keep moving off our trail okay chin I'm freaking out I'm gonna be honest with you look okay okay just keep it together I know I know I know I know we're we're gonna be fine okay all right I hear it it's getting louder Jane I don't know if we're running the right way now we're running towards the outskirts the outskirts maybe we won't be able to give half so much in time tired we need to stop for a second okay we need a we need to calm down I think we got I think we might have made it I don't hear it anymore the word order I know I know I know um okay we're that's the littlest thing for a second here that thing is ugly thattaboy greenie to go back to the glade now you 
I woke up like this oh my god what the heck happened how did you do that alright hey guys sky here with a little short yes yes that guy Barney and Ross and today stop with the knack thing we get it you like this video yeah old man got we got no I love Nick I've actually been playing it oh it's actually pretty good game but welcome back guys to do not laughing before this video starts guys I want to say as always thank you so much for all the support you guys have been shut you know what I actually do love video game donkey god sorry sorry and now I just start to think about him anyway welcome back to do not laughing for this video starts as always guys I want to say thank you so much for all the support you guys have been showing my channel and everything I do you guys are awesome if you guys would like more do not laugh make sure to slap that like button and comment down below just some kind of joke I actually have two jokes from the comments that I that I saw before so thank you for that guys you guys are awesome and I guess we'll go right into it I just you know just don't agree no no no okay Shelby Shelby shut up all right goodbye Shelby you want to get this out right now we have a center see this is the problem Shelby now you just need to film more often with us and I won't get you guys confused isn't it right just don't make fun of Shirley I will not make fun of shovel alright let's go baby jingle jingle oh yeah you know what open raw single well you're gonna be the one making her laugh and uh and then after that I guess soon find out right look okay it's story time it's just called neat book alright hold on wait we can I have it can I have it back yes I want to know because I just want to copy it no out of my burgers I don't know I have a copy OOP just kidding they go Ross second dang it okay neat book okay you're spelling right away horrible the razor Kel slowly as the rain was falling I mean she's laughing I already left but owner you don't go to the hooded man said to his sandwich the waitress happened to overhear him as she was pouring a coffee for a restaurant patron that he had already left she walked over and I said he'll never know leave to started deeply stare deeply into the sandwich as a slowly started to fade out the man then cried himself to sleep right there in the McDonald's booth the end what if it was can I can I read this with a trailer voice rain fell slowly as the rain was falling don't go the hooded man said to his sandwich the waitress happened to overhear him as she was pouring coffee or a restaurant patron that had already left she walked over and I said he'll never ever leave the to stare deeply into the sandwich as it slowly started to fade out the man then cried himself to sleep right there in the McDonald's me yeah this still doesn't make any sense to me I thought I thought it was the way Shelby was reading it I'm gonna be honest no really what do it like alright get out of here yeah you're not you're moving in go out alright boss I'm gonna go ahead and try and make you laugh right can I look at you or no uh you know what turn around for one second and actually start flying alright just go up here don't look down you going alright no come back down alright now look down hey it's a little phase someone help them with the nose I know it's like a kitty cat let's oh that does look like it can't wait if you just add one more right boom yeah there we go it's beautiful kill it kill it kill the whole thing alright alright then you laugh nerd can you guys read I can oh here you go I wait a minute read well Barney rub it in okay New York's best one and he's misspelled New York alright I find that offensive I'm from New York how do you want me to read this well alright Starr went to IHOP i I mean all of garden and ordered one breadsticks a little bits went bye-bye hello the warm breadsticks came with the greats butter sky eights the breadsticks but refused to eating the butter boom more dramatic boom this guy realized he had no more breadsticks and it was the major failures in life most dramatic boom Rostislav entered the scene entered enter dead the scene yeah yeah ha ha ha ha oh it was I just supposed to go yeah no I'm sorry just yeah just Barney at the end going yeah no Barney you got to do yeah yeah Barney you're in the center row she'll be all right I woke up like this oh my god what the heck happened how did you do that I made the skin how did you switch your skin so fast I've been wearing the pumpkin head the whole time yeah oh all right Shelby you in the center Ross maker laughs oh here we go I didn't laugh yet no I heard it but hmm good evening there sir have you ever had a running shoe trouble where you just can't get those clouds out of them what clouds on your running shoes got you down you winging this you think I've never not well you see here with this new found blender you'll be getting all the clouds out of those shoes in no time now what you're gonna want to do here I'm gonna give you a shoe here don't want you to eat all your moustaches under your mouth I just I want you to put those shoes on now now that you have those on now you're walking around you're walking around right how long have you been walking like two seconds well that does not right well you got any clouds in that well you take your shoes dig them right on in there how do you turn the oven on ha ha ha you do Oh Shelby did you laugh or no no yes you right literally first second when I saw the mustache on your mouth Ross get in the center it's my turn to make you laugh right yeah all right Ross ah here we go Ross ever since I saw you the first time I've loved you man and I want to I want to give you my heart I had them you why don't you just tell me you know common on fact it's half a harder no I thought because what you can do if I tell you why you treat my heart like this man tried to lock me I guess you could say I'm heartless well I'm gonna give you my heart again there goes the other half all right cool I'm about to die not you out on what you get I'm old Adam my my friends crashing help I'm pretty sure my Myka oh okay I'm good I'm gonna had a lot of ales did you get from killing always spend part of you does it count if it what happens if he makes me laugh all right you know what don't worry is Ross I've got another joke battery come on go what you see nice oh-ho that's actually really cool you see Ross I have another joke but you're gonna have to catch me to get it popping hold on wait if I could just get a boat why is there a frickin boat I'll see you later sucker yeah yeah I had it I had a way better joke I was just hoping for you you would say something like oh yeah it's only half a heart not be like yeah I'm afraid of commitment whoa who's that oh wow wow wow i beautiful go away all right uh I'm in center Barney me I just wanted to be pretty eyes the one make jug now yes that's I I just I just said you make - all right turns around no turns around uh no time okay took the turns around no I mean uh how did you do a what there's enough okay I'll just that alone just crack me up Barney can I turn around now all right so go ahead all right this is your joke finally done oh I've been thinking for so long when's it with it Oh his name is real is what real is this fake what's what was real what oh no no my balls in my closet mom hello so much are these toys it's a naughty huh what is this even mean boy the legendary mythical Pete food I'll be honest Barney that is so confusing but I love it I don't I don't get it but I love it me there hahaha yeah I don't either all right Barney boy take the point get out of here all right why are you using a shovel yeah Barney get in the center and she'll be certain to make him laugh okay come on shed you got this all right let's go Megan Emily you can do it left oh yeah he did laughs they can't that was wait I just made there you go no those there you go 70 points right there thanks for playing Kristy see you later Oh cuz that okay for you it it work wait we don't have PvP on no why didn't you ask me about that but your jog you wanted to kill me no I mean with that face I wouldn't put a pastor to where your skin man oh my god all right Jess number two there you go yeah Jess number two you want to get on the center oh yeah right cool what am i responding to that all right Ross nicoleff shelby i want you to turn around quick don't laugh cuz i have a good job i hear the bone breaking oh oh dear I just don't I can turn around hey listen right oh my god hey listen hey hey listen stop listen a beating alright cool tonight tonight is it my turn please I'm sorry I'm not to soup this from you Ross you ready you know I shall be funny to laugh at um berries okay struggling a little bent knee I've struggled with very uh very um all my life theory ISM hi you left no you're chucking up all right I'm still doing my job the way a word boss I will give you this plane I just want to do my joke and she didn't even laugh though so it doesn't matter even if my moonwalk it doesn't matter alright here we go alright you can turn around hello welcome to another video I'm being you you got the name right yes hello we're doing a challenge no no sorry I made I made faces off camera that you couldn't see out of Adam's you didn't do it right you gotta go hello there do you know you got a break sound bear you gotta go it hello noise it's gotta get like a super super deep voice hello it's me so there's your show be trouble Jess number two you know what I'm giving this point to Ross all right that's it guys that's it we won Ross alright anyway guys that was do not live if you guys like this coming into the channel click that like and subscribe button also make sure to check every chen's out in the Tribune below because they're all beautiful people but I guess with that being said guys we're gonna go get tacos so you guys later Shelby do do your bye beautiful you 
Oh oh my god I'm was died just looking at me and laughing I know inside alright hey guys sky here I'm with Chris and the Mike Jim Bob gaming and where to go where to go I just saw you Ross and today we are playing do not laughing before this video starts guys as always I want to say thank you so much for all the support you guys have been showing my channel you guys are awesome thank you so much I'm glad you like the role plays I'm glad you like to do not laugh I'm glad you like the hide-and-seek thank you so much you guys are awesome I'm not gonna ask for a life goal today because you guys always just completely destroy it and I I mean whatever so um comment down below a joke that you guys think would be funny on do not laugh and we'll see if we can we can pull it off and do it in a video so with that being said guys do not laugh pretty simple concept first person three points wins in order to get points you have to make the person in the center laugh no ifs ands or buts about it if the person laughs you get a point Chris have you have you done this with us before yes do you remember yeah yeah it was a really long time ago though so Kristin's it's been such a long time you want to get in the center okay alright so who wants to try and make him laugh first I guess all right cool I'll go Chris I want you to stand right here and I want you to just look away okay I hear wet cold I hear pratical yeah alright you can go ahead and turn around okay help me I don't know what's happening anymore do it then what are you waiting for oh boy so Bob look what you're done look what you've done yeah I'm gonna take that point all right I like how when you kill him cooked bacon comes out so I guess I'm in the center now and who wants to make me laugh Chris do you want to make me laugh wait no wait I'm sorry Jay okay gosh Jenna how about you make me laugh huh okay there's the scoreboard okey-dokey don't look all right go ahead and turn around oh all right it's a good time over here in Canada yeah I really like that the Hoosier of the movie you know there's a little temper good so I want some people syrup on my pancake sir just go ahead and telling me that I suck again oh wait a minute oh my god oh my god Oh Oh God you know this but right now I just got followed by verified on Twitter just now Oh could this could not be a better time for this to happen on video thank you Jane you got that point no but seriously that is such a bad stereotype it's just like who cares I would I would drink maple syrup if I if I could Canadians are awesome all right and and they're in there their country is just beautiful have you seen their Botanical Gardens what don't ever been to Vancouver oh my god it's gorgeous all right so Ross turn around there okay hi hello that spot I see you're welcome coming back to Ross's wagon of whimsical nests last time we brought you the microwave let you watch your favorite shows but this time I got you the treadmill we show the fan art of Ross's tongue through his little Monica I can't not look at him now oh by the way I got 500 my Gundam was died just looking at me and laughing youtuber found dead in office after falling back and share I'm so intense alright is it my turn no it's not I made Kristin Mike laughs so it's Christmas turn focus Chris because Ross doesn't understand much it's funny because like Ross is like the smartest one here when it comes to Minecraft the accent just kills me oh my god I guess Chris you'll get in the center here what the heck I got him again okay um focus Adam focus gotta take my hat off first oh there we go it's gonna ruin the joke okay my jokes already ruined thank God for editing no no I'm not gonna take that point all right all right ready shadow clone jutsu I totally understand the reference I'm sorry well dang I should've taken that point all right Jim Jim whoa did you see him change Ross come back face towards the scoreboard Chris okay oh my god beautiful setup I'm so ready Oh Jim Jim's freaking jokes have been on point for like the past like past like several episodes man it's not gin its Wasa's lost gin Ross let's do this oh my god that is so cool that is that you're pretty dope wait is the Christmas turn it's Chris turn to Macross oh I get to make someone laugh okay what what that's super dope okay Ross Ross are you ready to become to tickle someone yeah okay let me take you on over to specimen 39 oh my god wait does this mean that Adam has a chance of redemption all right I got this ready whoa shadow clone jutsu yeah just kidding that's not nice to meet you I'm sorry all right you ready Ross turn around everybody everybody fly up in the air real quick no no you're fine all right are you ready No okay sorry then my bad what's not a bit there right there all right you ready yeah turn around a battle of the century do you like that it took me a second because you have the little Sasuke over here II I totally ripped that joke from gen gen I think it's your turn yeah oh man go ahead and face the scoreboard I'm so dumb okay oh yeah I'll just stand there just stand there don't do anything okay oh man I just realized we're gonna roleplay all right Ross you're gonna make me laugh stop after I'm oh man Chris Chris we gotta hide this we gotta get this before Ross sees it I'm the same guy you ate floor cake come on yes I'm doing the Apple hey guys thank you so much for watching that was do not laugh because what are these Chinese takeout boxes on my back oh my god I think they are guys thank you so much for watching I'm sky this is Kristin the Mike this was Jim this is everybody make sure to check their channels out in this room below because they're all beautiful people thank you said thank you so much for watching at before before I want to do one last one for the viewers you 
Barney we've been walking for hours Barney what you're telling me I'm carrying the jet I think I think we're good I think we lost them all right yeah they're in the distance now oh now we need a now we need to focus on Jess um do you still have do you still have that splint that we found in that uh that house yeah I got in this splint all right I want you to put it on her I'm gonna I'm gonna make sure that nobody's followed us okay okay okay all right so I'm gonna put it on top of this tree right here come on yet all right so I don't I don't see anybody I think we're good I think we I think we made it Barney well hold on Jeff is still in a bad shape god yeah that's true that's true okay let's try and give her some water on there yeah let's give her some water and see if she'll wake up Jess Jess come here take yourself Oh take a sip of water what happened you passed out from blood loss what happened in there take this take this take this hmm I don't remember it I all I remember is screaming and running and that's all I remember okay well well judge skaters gonna make it in there out of you yeah they were gonna eat you so I remember that yeah we I managed a time we managed to make it out but I mean it was really close can you walk can you put a splint on you can you walk I can try it okay okay you can do it you can walk though right feels before that's good I can support you a little bit but I think I think I can walk on my own we need to keep moving we don't know we don't know how many teams are gonna set out to find us all right so let's go man let's head out okay let's head up this way and hold on actually do you see what you're seeing there's barbed wire right there I'll buy quite okay I think this is a camp I see them there's two of them come on come on this way no there's too much foliage we should definitely head over this way come on okay following the got me let me push some of the Spoils down move this way clear the path but we're depressed I'm clearing it sir are you okay go holding on oh it's too close it's way too close oh I have to if they turn to us they're fighting us I have begun no I know I know but I know I don't last resort I used it last resort you don't know how many fires the gun last time look what happened we don't know we don't know if there's even more squads out here oh man Shh okay we're gonna need to actually move like actually move move can you hold on to Jess okay Jen hold on through this one part this one's part three it's okay one let's go okay very good not looking good I know I know we need to find we need to find something we need to find something you sure I mean on the map on the map it said that there's another city near Hayworth so if we could find one we'll be good I think we're going what if there's cannibals there too no word yet don't just it like that we're done with the cannibal I don't want to seeing any more of that I don't think there will be I don't think they give me the shiver God oh yeah I know you lost yourself over there man like what happened oh I don't know I I I thought I'm always the strong one I can taking anything okay my stomach it happens to the best of us man okay let's see I mean I'm gonna be honest with you guys I just hope that we're going on the right way we don't have our maps anymore we don't have anything if we're going north we're gonna be alright so yeah we're going to get across yet you have any idea any wasn't knowing you're asleep oh I see buildings I see dealings run over here come here Oh guys over here over here right here right here there's buildings right over there okay let's head over the city oh we made it Oh God okay so Jess are you doing okay I'm okay to the water yes please okay here go here go make sure you have enough hydrating there's probably gonna be a hospital in the city we could probably find medical supplies for her right okay made it man but we need to be careful we don't know what's in this city we don't know what we're about to go up against so okay so don't getting ahead ourselves no no take everything slowly we got to be careful we don't know what could be in there all right okay god you're taking the lead yet what's your behind out you're behind good I will take up the rear okay I'm gonna let's head down this little this little pathway right hold on okay I see you Walker down there morning morning cover okay the last thing we want to do is alert more more walkers that were here so dawn shooting no shooting shooting if we were liar then there could be more walkers and they could all we could just be alerting every single walker in this freaking city that we're here can you promise me something I don't want to keep you guys behind you if something happens can you know oh thank god he can't bite through my armor that's the question no matter how close the team's get we've been a two-part together - leaving you behind if we were gonna leave you hop behind we would have left you behind and Haworth we're just gonna realistic we're not gonna we're not gonna do this we're not gonna leave you in mind we got everybody be quiet okay hold on I see one and then there's two over in that little tennis court yeah there's one and there's two over in that tennis court should we just say don't put the gun down Barney but if we fire them we're screwed okay okay I don't know how many they okay there's a freak another one okay I'm gonna go for it if if push comes to shove than fire okay okay okay going to shove them fire I got your back gently might be able to sneak past one in the tennis court the two in the tennis court okay Wilma well they're okay hold on hold on I think this one Jesus I think this one sees us please come oh here he comes oh oh no no he didn't know there were three there okay good go on hold on have your pistol ready I think we're using it one at a time one at a time don't get into all of them to chased us I mean what are they do free can looking down our way man thank God since they're dead they don't have this good vision okay here comes one here comes one okay okay okay okay okay here come two more here comes just one it's just one it's just all right here we go here's the next one okay they keep pushing me freaking hurts here's another one over here what the heck was this guy wearing before he died the heck are you wearing what is this thing you're pretty good man I'm pretty good but don't lower your guard okay that's a hospital over there yes over there to hospital Oh perfect okay there's Walker's outside okay okay stay behind me all right stay behind me make sure that just is okay come on come on come on come on starting to get better at this man you know I used to take I used to take fencing before all this thing all this crap happened I think I'm starting to start in the show does anybody need some water I did I get Jesse yeah I do actually all right mine are empty okay this is our last one so are you sure yes yeah it's fine yeah I'm all right you're the one you're the one who's losing all this blood so I feel so lightheaded right now I know I know baby hospital right here yeah you're here that's farther on your walkers in the hospital Fenton I can anything just go right for us please okay here here I can hear them there's a lot of you I can hear them I there's a lot be careful okay there's a lot right here all right it looks like it looks like this place was bored at all oh these might have been patients or something Oh God okay I mean should we pick them off now or should we just keep going no no don't no there's no way you can't fighting all those the same time it's closed like what's closest so sad I know that's they probably were sick and weren't able to run they left them there guys come on come up here what the heck the frickin stairs are broken this is not looking good okay we should probably head down this corridor whoa hold there's one right there whoa okay okay but you're okay I don't know I don't know but I mean there's just there's just not enough area for me to take them down I need to be able to move let me taking the lead I can use the gun last resort okay hold on hold on oh okay okay close all the doors which way that that Walker went oh okay Barney yeah boarding plane I feel I feel kind of lightheaded I'm I go I what I just I'm freaking out there's so much don't get too excited this okay he's locked behind the doors okay you're okay all right perfect perfect at least this stairway is not doing too bad oh come on come on Barney shoot whoa whoa whoa I'm bleeding I'm bleeding good here's a bandage bandage girl come here okay I'll need this good yeah yeah yeah alright alright you see more here's the more alright I should be all right I'm just bleeding a little bit here you need good you need bandage alright perfect perfect here I don't think this one eye problem this one okay perfect perfect I'm good I'm good are you okay a med pack no no we should use this on Jess okay just use that okay I'm good oh all it was was they just pushed up against me and I spent I scratched myself with my knife no no just just a flush with my knife there's medical gear here oh I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I open it up because they open it up because I thought you said there was stuff in there oh okay all right all right there's more it's perfect why there's so many blood bags you don't need these okay Jess where's Jess all right thank you take this morphine okay Oh pop it into your leg a lot better perfect perfect this is good small rush okay close the door behind you what is this all right we should close the store what is this what the Rises you see this like you're see this it's like a it's like a board on a door like this all right Barney come here whip out your pistol we don't know what's behind here okay let me take you to leave you open the door all right over here right you don't move Oh visitors hands up dirt you wanted to get shot I'm working Jess look around for anything useful we'll hold him here yeah okay Oh were you injured I should probably take a look at that we said don't move so you want to leave your friend there injured I'm not sure if you've noticed from the lab coat but I'm a doctor what's making you as we can't trusting you well I know you're not bandits so it'd be in my best interest to help someone not trying to kill me bandits aren't the type to ask questions before they pull the trigger and frankly I'm unarmed are you saying we can trust you I'm saying I have no weapon and I'm the only one here qualified to fix up your friend okay what you're wanting out of this if I fix up your friend how about you just let me continue working okay okay we didn't we didn't mean any harm we just we were captured and Haworth by a pack of cannibals we're a little shaken well it's good you got here when you did if you didn't this would have gotten infected just let them more Farney if we can't get just fixed there's no way we'll ever be able to find Nick oh that's a familiar name wait wait you've seen them can you tell me where they went sure they mentioned they were going to head towards DC you're sure Nick ghetto aka and such might be the ones you're looking for don't particularly care if there's not give it a couple days it'll be fine try not to get shot any more it feels better already thank you doctor I think I can walk like this mmm-hmm yes we're headed to DC then huh that doctor seemed to have eyes on them so that's where we go if they're really going to DC we can meet up with them there oh are you going to be meeting them I should probably make another delivery to get Oh what that you're delivering medicine one that stops ghetto from turning into a walker are you saying ghetto was bit apparently though he'll be fine so long as he gets some more of this medicine all right looks like you're coming with us anyway guys that was crafting dead things are getting crazy as always I mean we always we always leave our cliffhangers we just we're just jerks like that but huh anyway guys the next episode is going to be coming out on the 29th oh that's a Wednesday and if you guys haven't already make sure to go check out SGC barbarian channel because he's beautiful people and he's already got four seasons out of this we're just joining his universe yeah so uh as always guys if you haven't already make sure to slap that like button and subscribe if you haven't already there's Jim Bob getting mom was private thank you guys so much for watching and I'll see you guys later you 
oh gosh guys we're gonna be late for a cosmology class we're always late every single time every single time Ross if you didn't have to oversleep every single day someone was milking a goat and that concludes our study on two plus two equals fish ah some new students welcome to cosmology 201 today we are going to be studying general relativity why it down general relativity is very important you need to understand it to know how your world works and we will get to it eventually right but why does the general relativity general relativity is not something that your simple little mind will understand which is why today we are going to be talking about something much more exciting okay today we are going to learn about aliens wait what my recent findings have proven that the universe we live in is infinitely massive oh my gosh that's almost like more than like really big yes so big that it would be impossible for a simple humans to possibly measure but what if you what if you have like a really really big ruler the quite Class A universe must be teeming with alien life yes aliens I knew it I told you Jen I told you Jim Barney Barney let the teacher talk he's the one with the degrees yes the one with the degrees thank you Bri silence I was watching the Discovery Channel last night and they had such a convincing argument for aliens and that the dirty government is keeping things from us obviously hey man Discovery Channel has some amazing content okay yes obviously obviously Einstein knows we're talking about Barney you've clearly been brainwashed like the best of them Oh oh he calls you out what you gonna do about it I require some volunteers for today's experiment us us awesome perfect you sky and all of your friends come to the front of the class well you you would have done the same Barney you would have seen boys come closer I need to tell you something but the other classmates cannot hear it okay it's fine it's fine don't worry about it this happens to us all the time come on there's a reason you are in my class you and we are chosen ones of mankind I knew I knew it I call it I've been chosen for anything now listen I have space rocket right back here prep for launch okay this is getting a little weird which is awesome all these guys you don't want to explore the depths of space with us I mean you're being quite the debbie downer we need to make contact with the aliens could we ride on a magical school bus or something else no you idiots what is this a show for kids oh yeah oh you got you got a call doubt you got calling out Ross you made this rocket yes lots of iron well well your close friends and don't mind if we touching a little bit yeah something weird or crazy doesn't happen to me shin-chan sauce spit sauce let's just be realistic here this was gonna happen no matter what right like your father never asked for this oh oh so we're gonna be we're gonna be going to space then oh yes we're gonna need all this yep and if you want to pass the class I will pass you with flying colors if you make contact with the aliens what you know what Einstein that's your name right Einstein we stop pretty crazy pretty fast but you know what I like it let's do it good eyes like crazy - that's why I teach you now do us a space suits fit you Val I hope so because I next stop is the moon hang on what about the other students doesn't it seem kind of irresponsible to just leave a class like that I'd say aliens no this is more important for the advancement of humanity all this because then you actually show on Discovery Channel professor don't you think we should count down or something just you know when you're going to tree to fun ah I have been feeling this one so that's just the zero gravity that's not why maybe did anybody bring a cheese grater Ross why would we get a cheese grater how else are we going to get all that cheese bet here prepare to land boys fail boys here's VR we have a landed on some moon look around this is awesome there's like nothing here but I am so excited to finally be able to explore the moon this chosen ones Raelians wouldn't show up without you for here yeah crammed spaceship and then we're flight here and there's nothing here hey Janet oh look look look it started out being kind of cool and I'm Tanya what steps the foot steps they must be gross we must be quiet those are those are ours your parade but we've explored the moon before and it's been known for several decades that aliens aren't here you don't know anything you sound just like Bonnie buying into the government propaganda Irena Barney so should we just like should we just explore then I mean we're on the moon who might as well explore yes the aliens like to hide they like to play hide and seek hey this is awesome don't have too much fun or I will fail yeah if there was like no gravity three-sixty dizzy knows a moon is actually made of a form of space cheese I that's my antenna I'm gonna take so much of this home Jen is it actually made out of cheese no yeah sure it's made out of cheese is that already failed gene what's over here there's space this is so cool what is this artifacts this must be what the aliens used to travel around no this must be leftovers from the expedition to the moon we had in the 1960's nonsense the American flag is right here welcome propaganda they appear to be highly fuel-efficient it looks as though they run on the tears of earthling children Barney Barney you gotta race me let's go to drive alien devices and I left all my children tears back as a classroom no these are pretty this is pretty easy to drive they're kind of like regular cars oh my gosh wait a minute can I use this as a ramp don't worry I made the second have you guys been to the moon before you seem awfully familiar with these foreign devices uh no it's it's just it just drives like a normal normal human car there's cheese night you've known for decades the moon doesn't have any light there's plenty we know that might have life on them to take thousands of years to get to do you mean Jupiter Jupiter's just a big ball of gas look aliens probably exists but the too far to reach the closest solar system to ours is Alpha Centauri and we barely know anything about it how do you explain this alien pig guess you showed me professor aliens are definitely yeah well we'll go find them you stay here and keep looking for uh eggs what's this yeah from our professor I think crazy guys that we're leaving on the moon let me see in there anyway guys that was a Minecraft University if you guys like this commentary and you're new to this channel click that like in the subscribe button the next episode will be coming out on the 4th of September okay thanks I you you 
to realize Justin Bieber a Canadian has a hit song called sorry okay just want to make sure we're aware so uh Barney what you in for ah yeah well look cool oh no oh no why are you in my prison again ah dude I'm here for the same exact reason so you remember last time I was here I uh I was actually arrested for eating bark off of a tree oh yeah that was a special tree yeah uh this this time I was the same tree man I just taste real good I got him in my room it's just wait well I didn't get arrested for who's gonna arrest me that's a good point anyway hold on one second wait hello guys hey guys Skye here welcome back to another episode of cops and robbers I almost did the intro staring at my character like talking to my character those really weird uh but yeah guys welcome back to cops and robbers for the city video starts guys I want to say thank you so much for all the sports you guys mature on my channel pretty much everything I do you guys are awesome you should feel awesome and the concept of cops robbers pretty simple basically there's gonna be this warden guy over here we're gonna do our best to outsmart him try and get out of here get out of the prison and make it to the boat so if you guys want more cops robbers make sure to go ahead and slap that like button let's try and go for three likes are you gonna say do you think that's too much that's why you want to have alright alright let's go for it let's go for like let's go for yeah also guys comment uh which what's your favorite thing about dumb butt is favorite thing about max Oh Oh God I just set you up I love his we're gonna say it I'm gonna get annoyed dang it hahahaha is it alright also how would you say guys ow sorry about that man I'm back oh don't worry about it I mean I always interrupts my prison sentence with an intro to hey don't you punch me sorry I just I have this like weird urge to just warden tase you bro you want to do wow what did I - dude shoot him again I'm again excuse me uh what was your name again officer sergeant I'm sergeant muffle burns sunset sergeant muffle buns I was put in here accidentally could I leave okay I gotta get I gotta put a sorting hat because you're wearing Gryffindor scarf but uh haha that sucks out of a movie - another sale what did you say um I forget oh you were about to open your door and let me out yeah yeah I remember that you know I will do that right over here oh look at that you guys no no you know wow that guy's dead oh he was trying to break through ow get out can I leave please max why did you hit him alright well he made me mad you know I don't matter I guess target muffle buns oh man the owner oh I can't break it oh okay hey hey sergeant ma muffle swaggins can you let me out real quick yeah thanks alright hey can we just sit in this opening all the doors yell the dinosaur is gone yo the dinosaur the dinosaur left what can I wear Brosco oh yeah he's dead gonna go over here real quick I was going to save you guys but you guys just aren't listening I'm gonna say alright it's fine don't worry uh you know as long as I not all of us are gone I think you should you should have a good time it should be fine over here you know well okay then artists hey Reed what's grounded jail oh yeah that'd be good are we rolling come on I'll be a nice warden to give you a quick pork chop doing that's what's up man hey tell you oh you took it away from me so now I piss out I'm sorry alright I'm a con and benevolent warden who only murders people that look like narwhals what a coincidence that's interesting yeah I'm no here uh if you give me a little too safe a pork I'll go ahead and give you two slices of bread that won't make sandwich go I'll see you I don't see you yeah I don't care it topped the smudging what did you just call me carrot topped smudging hahaha alright because as good as your eyes I'm not to say I mean it kind of sounded like your eyes hey hey I will tase you bro yo he's gonna hear I'll kill you you can't kill me I can die but I'll just come back and kill you hello good sir would you like to please go into the main room which one's the main room you know okay no no not that no I'm afraid I will have values you bro you don't have to taze me trust me I'm a mommy I'm a doctor well um yeah um we are we're at an impasse it's got a bit of a situation here uh ow guys guys yeah guys oh boy I broke out guys let me go snot life on the outside is not what I thought it was me yeah you want to stay in here right you all right yeah I'm gonna go back in my cell you can close the door behind Adams escaping it sounds good wait what no where are you as a trick oh well uh yo warden you will check something out check this out watching you see that lever over there uh-huh you can just go ahead and stay there real quick no hey I gave you snow Barney oh thank you thank you no no no oh we will all right so uh ow ow ow ow okay okay okay okay okay okay okay I'm going back that's what I thought okay let's go back I'm going back all right I'm going to hear what you know I'll be nice if you can do one thing for me I'll let you escape hey stop it I thought I could ditch you all right what do you need I'm thinking of a number between 1 in eleventy billion what number is it 1 3 you just blew my mind you know yeah you want to see what else I'm good at I may be good at psychic things but I'm also good at basketball check this watch he's he's not he's not it's a distraction whoa wow I didn't think I'd actually get that into peg wait a minute wait I'm just gonna go over here real quick uh wait oh come with you I don't like it in here it's kind of stupid and they don't pay me anything exactly pork chops imagine if that was a real thing nobody ever pays me in for chops wait you know it was gonna be stride guy got him well John Ross I'm at your job what you guys can stay in the prison I'll walk out of the prison nice complete reversal of roles guys perverts in natural we did it okay wait where's max I'm actually helping you where's where's max what am i doing I'm helping you who no mom he's gonna like yeah yeah yes no I'm another snitch someone help me someone help me beat him up my butt I died both of them died that is Carmen its finest guys trying to be nice oh my god I feel kind of bad for sergeant snuff on the honking no no muffled buns sergeant money's not for my adult I'm gonna be real here honey buns are really Namie yeah have you far jeez have you had hot have you had honey buns have you had a deep-fried honey bun and if you ever had a honey bun in a smoothie uh have you yeah in a smooth you mean like a milkshake oarsmen yeah I did also smoothie challenge Oh God okay it was also uh christmas card in there ha how did the Christmas card tasted you get a happy Halloween by the way we haze like the holidays that's hard literally tastes like Christmas they don't let me celebrate Christmas here either I just want to help yo wait wait Ross what are you doing I have no food and I have very low hearts and I'm scared I don't want to alarm you but behind you there's um there's sergeant oh you're us look G deep they missed you missed me I don't know why cuz you're a snitch ha ha ha ha ha ha I'm a snitch right you matter buddy yeah it's the attorney kidding me I don't want to alarm you Maya this might be the end of the road look I'm just saying and I will I mean I say sure you won't give me a small joining all night cuz look at what I have in my hand yeah kid no gives me the door alright let's make an agreement here all right all she's doing the dirt if you put away the TNT Ross she's coming wait how does Barney get Tony's gonna get Ross he's gonna do it you go I'm gonna do it we're all she's gonna do it I'm gonna jump I'm gonna jump all right don't do it you have everyone in your life to live I bounced the thing was I wasn't expecting to live yeah I grabbed the dirt as I was up started Bernini it don't have the Ignite what is oh well yeah I still I still have it oh alright know-it-all go ahead not like this real quick click this real quick like this real quick pretty sure the server just died alright there we go all the control now Tyler oh hey Barney why go that was so pointless like how uh I like how at this point just the wardens given up on being a warden you just doesn't want to be here anymore I know they don't pay me I don't even got a 401k yeah I think he's the one trying to escape I'm the one preventing I know that's I think that's why he doesn't like you Ellen he died guys do you hear those chimes nevermind mayor Nick may not be cross time whoa I got teleported like under the prison sex I was so lame shut up max oh so you're lame you're lame well yeah well I think I scheduling for escape yeah but I I said yeah I truthfully said you were lame first oh that's uh that's devastating to myself now now I can finally pursue my career as dr. Phil ha ha ha I'm just gonna shave my head real quick and grow a mustache what if what what if this is that is the backstory to dr. Phil yeah which is why we see my daughter some reason I feel like I wouldn't be surprised you know what'd be even more weird if there was legitimate college courses on how to be dr. Phil like there is it's like by dr. Phil let me teach you how to be me he does actually parties guys the narwhals going crazy oh that's not you for some reason I thought that would be Barney no it is Barney Ross whydo Adam Adam look at my face it was Barney ha ha ha you can't trust one of them no why have you not clicked the pressure plate yet Barney why are why are we worried doing what I would normally do wait where's matter sir I can't guy God you suck I know yo uh max I don't want to alarm you but I feel like you're holding us back man max Jordan of that just doesn't know what you turn to combined anymore nice and down bad max hey max max I got to tell you something you know I actually kind of like Nickelback but I actually huh I honestly do oh my god this is not the outcome I was expecting yeah yeah I'm I'm the only person in the office that likes Nickelback there is a bomb where that went off I don't want to work here anymore there's like there's like wait is he blowing up the present when you tense yes is that what it really hey hey it's okay I hurt so the pianos down I get money blowing up the prison no I blowing up the boat you know like oh I've already made it to the boat yeah but you have no way of escaping I mean I kind of already know yeah we were old I can't escape yeah I mean we're all done that was oh you're being a really bad max hahahaha I can't take it anymore I feel like it is really probably a good place to end this video me in prison I mean prison I can't yeah we're gonna leave him behind we're gonna take our awesome boat right here and sail the LEAs together this Divya oh let's maybe look for some treasures no no this is crap tender oh let's all escape prison and escape deal with the warden who's keeping us here but now let's just leave max behind and take the warden haha hey I gave him pork chops okay come on did we die I gave you the fortune tied me we ain't pork chops together we tied but anyway guys thank you so much for watching this episode of cops and robbers oh thank you guys so much for everything that you guys do thank you so much for all the support you guys show you guys are awesome stay awesome check everybody's channels out in description below because they're all beautiful people we'll see you guys later let's uh let's get this boy up and running yeah let me just run piracy you 
I have an idea are you ready yes alright hey guys sky here with Ross and today we are playing the escapist adventure map and I think this is actually like the first adventure map I'm ever doing ever with face cam on and it's ironically like the day after I do the makeup challenge with ELISA on skype those things I still have a little bit of eyeliner on so umm eyeliner and mascara for me we're like the hardest to take off when I wore makeup I just I can't get them off but uh anyway guys if you guys want uh more adventure maps make sure to slap that like button and comment down below that you want more maps in which Maps you'd like us to play next because I kind of want to just I want to bring adventure maps back man like I I miss them you know never just like miss something just like man yeah there were these pop-tarts that were only available in New York but pop-tarts cookie dough I'm gonna press the button I let's do this yeah we're going on an adventure yeah adventure high five wait what's happening over here oh they're heading to roll call you know you got to make sure the guards are gonna be like yo is everyone here I'll hold on what did you say what do you say welcome back meat bags which one of you is going to clean my shoe we will crush you all like bugs you're not very nice why are they so angry Ross do we want these keys from them I'm pretty sure from what I've looked up we're gonna want the red one so Thomas here is gonna be our want we want a buddy-buddy with Thomas right Thomas yo Thomas hey what's the best friend from high school that we've obviously been best friends for our whole life and I am NOT just hitting you up because you have something that I want doesn't happen ever you like how I called out like a bunch of people on my facebook just now probably yeah I'm talking about you Brittany yet to me I'll be skipping your lunch we're gonna get some food you grab some food I'm gonna I'm gonna chat up the other inmates see what they got cool cool cool yeah I don't know how to grab food it's in there the droppers oh look at this rabbit stew I'm thinking all the rabbit stew oh yeah every rabbits do you know what this this Maps gonna drive me insane with all the ham I gotta do something to go over this what is nunchucks we're gonna need those to beat up our good buddy Thomas for his key Oh Tom have you escaped bone just went from being like best for Thomas - like let's just wreck up his world but you always want to beat up your best friends so you don't have to beat me up okay I almost punched the guard they would not have been happy you should punch one see what happens hold my rabbits - I'm going in okay sake Thomas yeah bring your key now Ross no okay what's done was well John was that runaway wonder what are we Ross we might be able to get off the trail you know you call them for Adams oh god Ross Oh Bob Ross maybe if I hide in the library they'll never find me no one likes to lurk oh my god he's fighting me too they all just died we got to find work so we can start making so we gotta make that move on I found it right this is so what I've again gathered we want to take the dirty uniforms from here now you want to put this this one in there off boring boring for him uh-huh okay we make him we making money now right I'm gonna press the buttons turn them on let him start getting all clean you hold on you hold on to the guard chest plates because we want to trade those with a Leo for money are we gonna steal these are we gonna oh look we got a number what are the alarm because you have a legal item your pants are literally the bomb oh yeah dude we want as much money from Leo as we can get okay ah ah oh I'm pretty sure they're gonna come after me no they won't none of them heard that did any hear the alarm I'm like literally right next to the guy and you just doesn't care all right whatever I don't care oh oh oh it's roll call that's kind of cool I like the roll pull the roll call me feature oh that's a red item okay don't have that in my inventory okay welcome back meat bags I was totally at roll call with nothing illegal someone leaving all the rabbits do in the kitchen whoever trashed the kitchen is in big trouble ah put your rabbits do away man you don't want to get caught for stew okay how many emeralds you got twenty I'm at 22 all right so that's 40 so she'll gets more I mean we could sneak away to go do her job I mean we're just working go let's go do that see ya we're some good prisoners in my opinion I mean we're doing our work I wish I had prisoners like us wait wait wait I could be missed in screwed hahahaha am I not a good prisoner no your horrible prison do you have do you have the you have the dirty laundry of the clean line you're scared let's go for me Oh get you in free time let's go oh we have free time oh oh yo leo Oh Leo my man oh the guy saw me oh he's angry Tracy must trade him Adam drop your stuff I know I'm coming around hold on hold on grow it to me okay okay okay wait I think the guards going I think he gave up I found seven emeralds in our chest nice do we need some toothpaste do you want to brush your teeth I don't know but I'm taking this one badges in case yo Kyle with what you in for yo Kyle cut house cows always been a quiet guy I missed in this key oh dude look at this key whoa oh yeah a Mork makes it go faster it's gonna say we're accomplishing a lot here whats this red key um I don't know what I want how do we get in here are we supposed to be able to get in here let a guard he's gonna hurt us I think oh no it's free period we're fine oh nice should we take him down he doesn't have a key or anything I don't wish to take him down anyway right you only have a wood bat we don't we want nunchucks first we know he's wearing diamond armor right Oh is he oh okay this isn't dude are you helping me yeah get it we're gonna we're gonna I'm gonna help you to the point where we just we have to get to her even meal oh we got him he didn't have a key I'm amazed like that that is that is incredible I did not think we'd actually be able to do that all right so even if we can get Thomas alone oh we need to shut the generator off how do we shut the generator off we need the red meteorite let's do this let's go to our evening meal what let's do this why do you keep just like do it do it do it all right evening meal hey yo Ross look at this Ross let's go let's go get our evening meal ha ha ha looks our exercise boy watch this watch is it's our exercise period they're coming I feel like this are they blow down the horns Oh God aah beating up the other hit me yeah all right who's the guy that we need to we need to get more stuff from right there's 2 leos there's there's 2 leos I don't think that's supposed to happen Leo stop this leo yeah there are two Leo's Leo why why not we you're the let's go see if we can find the guy with the red key why hello there officer Thomas I think that other guards too close you think we'd be able to take a name them down if they're by themselves yeah shouldn't we just get a little bit more it would get nunchuks I have an idea are you ready yes Ross honey patch just completely just Juke the system worries I mean there's the red key Thomas has it Julie we should take him down whoo I feel like I you I feel like we can do it we'll get the green key all right let's do this don't push him onto that pressure please okay okay why do you oh oh god no okay now I messed up I messed up mad at you man I'm just doing my thing I didn't see anything good luck you totally oh I'm so I'm so screwed think you're on your own thanks man thanks you're awesome I love you drop the wooden bat if they kill you the law take it I'll get in their way all right I'm not a very good defense tree pretty sure you did not help me there I dropped the wooden bat oh they'll never catch me hahahaha I feel like I feel like these guys are gonna get angry by the time like they actually catch me why am I so why am I so slow now I mean give me slowness oh no oh you're fatigued my fatigues at 100 crap okay did you grab my bat yeah I got you bet okay good you want it you wanna finish him off finish him off what yeah he's like almost dead pretty sure he regens not he totally almost dead I also fatigued I believe oh they're all mad at you too so this works Oh Roz Roz kill Roz yeah she almost dead I don't know I'm just hitting him keep beating them up oh god oh no oh well I don't think they're happy with me yeah this is uh this is unfortunate wait till we lose Oliver on all of our money no we still got armed cash money we should shower together oh yeah I'm down is my fatigue still out a hundred why that's that's how that's how you get your fatigue down or showering where where err where do we where are the showers but yeah it is look up oh nice I'm so you just drink shower water uh no not when it hits your body like not off your body but just as it falls you just kind of open your mouth and let it happen no I don't do that well let's just go really I mean I don't do that either let's go finish this job come on all right we just had to lower fatigue god this place is confusing it's by the roll call area we need to trade leo we don't get that cash money though mmm did it has money don't you know we do need the boat is what the escape boat roll call roll call run hello there where's Leo I'm seeing Rob Bob Leo here we go it's more cash money Oh God oh god they know they're on do it let me in creak aah what did you do nothing how do you go how much how many emeralds yep uh I got plenty right now I just got to clean these guard outfits too nice on it by the time these you get the UH nunchucks when these ones are clean yeah we do also it's lights out we're supposed to be in our cell only losers go to their cell it no he who actually has the nunchucks um the nunchucks are held by Larry Bob well he has a baton batons aren't they like damage-wise I don't understand what the point of that is in whoa the random emeralds whoa random emeralds well I just kind of figured out a flaw why what's happening you know you don't have to clean the clothes to uh turn them in so so take out those dirty clothes and then just put him in the clean pile ha ha ha ha ha what I was doing was I was cleaning the guard ones cuz those are worth 17 and then just putting the dirty leather what the heck that's a little bit of a flaw there yes a little broken all right let's go get those nunchucks cleaning these as soon as they're clean we're getting our nunchucks mm-hmm hello I feel like they're gonna attack us yeah they're going after you man are they I'm holding a bunch of red items oh god I'm gonna lose all these Oh God oh we will we wiser why is it what the heck is good good luck out there thanks man we have enough ever we just got a void Leo just embodies get that thingy he's asleep we got it we gotta sleep okay I'm probably gonna die Ross if I die I want you to know that I died a gangster oh all right I have like massive fatigue anyway so you're just gonna die no where's the showers at it's a very good question I'm sleeping in bed where did you get the bad it's a sleeping bag is it is it really opening roll call we survive a night leo various right here leo all right let's get that cash money gold mine from Leo all right now what right I'm still trading him we're still training a lot welcome back meat bags why you always so mean to me Thomas I'm getting tired of this Oh where's Bob Bob there he is would you like a pair of nunchucks yes I would like a pair of nunchucks all right so with these nunchucks we can pretty much get whatever key we want right yeah and then I just got a tray and then do we need a boat - um yeah we have enough for the boat we just need okay calm yo where's where's the showers cuz I'm gonna I'm gonna get my fatigue yeah I wanna I want to shower before we before we do our breakout there's Tom here we go yeah it was somewhere on the outer rim it is okay where raindrops are falling on your head they equal always Fanning and hey wait a minute you know what we should do before we leave let's get some of that armor Oh like go clean up some more personnel our guard so we have diamond armor yes good call good call uh what are you at I'm going for 50 I'm at 70 uh yeah we're good I don't think we need more all right let's do this click click yes create yes yes yes they say a pretty neat system I know I like it a lot actually this is cool this is a good map I feel like I feel like we can take down pretty much whoever now this is uh this is solo beat if I had a pair of nunchucks - dude oh you don't have a pair what happened - no you would you lose them I want to take this guy down see what I can do oh yeah I could take him down quick all right I got to get the key yeah I got this one all right let's just bust it prison break every bag we just gotta find to figure out what you're doing I'm following you ha ha ha I was trying to follow you the whole that guy's got a key oh let's go what key we need red key red red key ok red key let's go okey-dokey and we all we need behind you behind you ok got it whoa I'm gonna hurt oh I'm getting hurt pretty bad okay fine you then what you got on up you got enough speed can you kill the guy yeah no no no I'm fatigued I can't oh shoot I am 200 it's bad Ross this bag of em rope I'm gonna die Ross I'm gonna die Rossum and I do it don't Ross I'm gonna die go to the showers okay come on faster faster faster faster whoo kill him okay okay oh no I can't what the hell Ross kill him oh there's like 17 of them Ross I didn't have any weapons come on man you gotta go dumb do it the key about that what happened um it cleared all our red items so like we don't have it anymore no we lost everything should we go with a plan B uh yep let's do it don't run don't run I'm fatigued but it doesn't matter dun dun dun dun dun dun it was just building Janet uh dad they're gonna turn the hot on dun dun I like how we're I like how we just like got out good work we better use that escape boat to get out of here let's boogie freedom freedom freedom what I think it knew we did it we made it wow that is a big major massive glitch you get the boat and you get out prison anyway guys that was the escapists if you guys liked this commentary and you just wanna click that like and subscribe button also make sure to check out Rasta channel description below because you beat up people oh but um yeah I guess uh yeah that's a major that's a major design flaw I guess we'll see you guys in escapist alright you did you 
you know all in all culinary class was a lot of fun I love that nethers kitchen bed that's kind of fun was also really stressful with the timer and all that sort of stuff but I guess in the end you know it's pretty fun this is the shame that he got food poisoning at the end it was anybody else get like release forms like he put it on TV Wow anyway we did put him in the hospital so I guess it's sort of the least we could do to give him an episode you know yeah I guess I guess so I mean but to be fair we we made such crap laughs it's crap porn is me I make Barney you didn't even cook the cheese like you just kind of like charred the outside of it in the inside was still like a brick of cheese yeah I don't think I would admit either it was weird he like extended me a job or something as a whatever no gosh no okay with several Michelin stars he said no I I like I like being lazy like awesome food every day oh that's what you just want me to get out of the house so you could put your computers in my room no I just think you should apply yourself you know no that's what you want to do that's what you want to do anyway uh I hope he's doing well I mean he was kind of rude what I sent him a get well basket full mixed nuts wait wait nuts well cuz he was a little bit nuts you know what I mean hey Russ Russ he's allergic to nuts I'm sure he's fine anyway what class do we have next anyway Oh psychology psychology biology those people once they're all like wow you're always upset because you eat too much I hop or something's on me it was upset tummy or up uh Ross that's not a psychologist that's a dietician are you sure you know Britisher psychologies your head your brain how it works and how do you think all that sort of mumbling I'm so glad that we have these times to like sit down and talk with each other I mean I know that like we're like six minutes late now but wha whoa oh yeah by the way this time we've been talking we got late hey man I enjoy our time together sorry class time not being in class anyway um so do you know what classroom we're supposed to go to I think it's this one right here as it wants it does anyone know one tape at the professor he's got some like weird name at the end like fir'd Fred I heard he's good with psychology but you know okay I uh looks a bit of an introvert there aliens [Music] [Music] [Music] hello students I am professor Freud and this is psych 101 whoa whoa whoa wait Freud doesn't the famous Sigmund Freud the one why is everybody oh Jesus famous gee why are we always taught by a bunch of psychos not psycho now listen here what is your name Ross I already see you have some type of complex that we may explore what the IHOP complex is it is it an IHOP complex I've never heard of that as some that some kind of new - excuse me sky it's not your name I gotta use the bathroom have a seat okay there's no need to use that restroom and explore that context now see here on the board this is an iceberg you mean like from the Thai Tet were you in the Titanic Judy's definitely in the Titanic I recognize a picture no no no seen this movie poster now listen here the theory of consciousness is like an iceberg top there is the conscious mind and that is just the tip below listen hear us okay [Music] conscious called is that my iceberg no it's lettuce see the very tip of the consciousness but there's a lot more to the mind that you can't see cuz it's below the surface already my favorite students Jen listen don't make fun of him the best way I can help you all to understand the subconscious mind is to go inside of one eye exactly what yes inside hegemony volunteer subconscious Jay how come we never get a normal teacher Ross why eivol eivol interior you what what am i doing great now I've dedicated my entire life career and social life into inventing a machine right over here in the back of the classroom that will allow a human being to enter the inner conscious of another human being now Ross the volunteer hold on hold on hold on Jim don't you have one of those apps on your phone oh yeah like that last week right what's an app like an iPhone app you know all you have to do is configures that it scans brain waves and then modifies it into a physical algorithm so then that way you can actually transpose yourself into a mind I mean here though it's just a little rudimentary that's all is it gonna hurt no what he says Rossy scary tickles ready to explore the inner conscious what I expected Wow Russ Oh a classic case of aquaphobia see the mind reveals all of these subconscious secrets yeah but that we already know that about right patience boys there are more secrets to unveil I don't know professor Ross can be a bit empty-headed why you spray the drainpipe well this mind always has been in the gutter that isn't funny at all this is a septic system down the rabbit hole we go okay all jokes aside though we're like in Ross goop right now I'd like to get out of I'm just thinking oh god there's feathers everywhere refreshing anyway so this is his this is like inner subconscious what is this again yes we just happened to stumble over upon the right place right respond build upon I thought that was the walls point of the machine that takes us here yes we are in the right part of the subconscious to explore all of Ross's complexes I mean look at all of these chickens yeah have you ever asked yourself why no hey Jen look there's like an IHOP there - explains his complex uh-huh yes the chickens it represents Ross's mother attachment to this is caused by feelings of neglect and extreme sorrow pretty sure he just likes chickens yeah he has a pet chicken I don't think it has anything to do with it no no look at the IHOP sign i H o P it's missing an e no friend is missing hope it is supposed to spell I hope have some pancakes yeah it's literally International House of Pancakes Jen's right there pretty good we go there pretty often I guess - continued there nila pancakes gin I know they were so good - there's a continuation of those pancakes as more feelings of neglect no no no in fact we've been we've been going to Olive Garden more often lately anyway you're even more into it is actually there Freud he just likes food more this guy's a bit of a negative Nancy isn't he Jen how about we go deeper into the subconscious I'll prove to you Ross is just Ross I mean this entire place is basically just Ross only a bit more colorful you're a smart boy you shall see yeah I'm gonna see that Ross's subconscious is just a normal subconscious it's literally just chickens and I hop at every corner this is incapable of having a complex oh come on Jen that's a little bit mean yeah complex Ross has many complexes like what what's in Ross's head and are you sure we should do this this looks like a really big fall right want to learn more about Ross here we go Oh Jay come on Barney Barney let's hold hands all right ready three two one oh my hand oh wow for each of us his attachment to his friends are very important to him he's got my sunglasses and butter in here what the heck this is you've got my laptop in oh the coating is all wrong but I can't believe looky here a cow oh represents the neglect of the mother but no Froy house at her house they provide nutrition I'm I'm wait June does that mean Ross's cow man I kind of doubt it I don't know how they would know each other is comments two-year-long maybe he just idolizes cow man yeah maybe he really likes cow man hell is wearing a skirt it obviously represents right right right you are such a debbie downer just keep going I want to find out more about Ross I mean besides Jim it's like the only time you'll ever admit that huh yeah yeah pretty much thankfully Ross is unconscious in the chair right now so you can't hear me whoa what the heck is this is that thunder muffin but looks like thunder muffin is this like a shrine to thunder wow that's that's I want a shrine like that library but Ross doesn't read that's weird oh my his thirst for knowledge is real but no it's it's not looks like they haven't been touched in decades this entire place is dusty and unused here wants more knowledge you can tell he wants to learn you were looking into so many things that aren't there yeah I mean quotes from Ross I can fit three fingers in my bellybutton this box whenever he needs one probably so negative note is this well this place is dark I think we've reached the deepest part of the subconscious guys and there's IHOP here surprise of course whoops oh you more missing easy no no look Freud your subconscious is just his subconscious all right this is Ross and we know pretty much all of us already you're just projecting your own subconscious onto us you're just everything you're deflecting all of your stuff on to us and then and then you just try be more optimistic no issues with myself just be a bit more optimistic man it's just I hops and chickens there's nothing more to it you simply don't understand psychology I just think that you're over analyzing things over analyzing over analyzing anything I'm under analyzing this whole place is a demonstration of how our brains process information yeah so let's leave it at that you don't need to analyze has already been analyzed wait Jen that's genius if Ross's brain is a representation of Ross then Ross must be a representation [Music] [Music] turns out the professor was a total lunatic don't you it's not a good idea to have a class taught by a bunch of psychos guess you're right all along Ross hey I'm kind of hungry you guys want to get some food yeah sure what do you guys want to go about Denny's [Music] you 
would you say about me or day guys sky here with that guy Barney gin Bob gaming rosin and all right get my zone all right I can't do this Lily take the glasses off focus you have water yeah I got the water waters ready okay it's just there Adam now what they've got things are going really mad oh man I feel like lightheaded you're gonna have to stop recording with me at some point you can't keep doing this man it's really a problem I know I um this can't be good I got such an issue man it's it's really bad but today we are playing hide-and-seek minions now cheese Jen what is wrong with you why why all right Ariel we are playing minions hide-and-seek and before this video starts guys always I want to say thank you so much for all the support you guys have been showing our hide-and-seek series and pretty much everything that we do and I just want to say guys thank you so much and if you guys want you can go ahead and slap that like button let's try and go for 30,000 likes for more hide and seek and also guys if you haven't already make sure to subscribe and also go subscribe to Jess in the description below as well so she pretty much put all this together and we pretty much just mooch off of her to play this so yeah um yeah that's us yeah okay let's do this we're hider oh no oh oh no look at that she's so cute little kid you suck wait can you see me I can actually what is weird you can't you can't see me no I feel like you're lying until I'm totally right one of you see look at oh oh oh no I I don't your isn't lying to me no I did hear you spamming up to stop spamming ha ha hello jess is getting close yeah okay I'm sorry okay so that's that's not mere fuel all right I'm down Wow is freaky hi hi you want command I'm not at the track can I come in please yes please go okay you guys you guys make yourself at home real quick I got to do a grocery run actually so what how about can I come with you I like food oh absolutely yeah actually you know what you should should definitely come with me alright so yeah I'm coming so um it's a trap just you look what was was that supposed to be Barney no uh-uh uh-uh adorable now we try to adapt to my Jane I'm sorry man you just I just had to interrupt you shut up Roz I don't want to hear it okay leave me in that piece like I was so far oh but one person has been found and we barely even went in the map get there I'm the last one left yeah I guarantee you Barney's liking the most obvious spot possible hey it's not through Barney hey hey you should probably jump down I'm gonna get you hey what like I'm right next to you you're not really nuts you don't see me no you're not you're guys like you don't know where I am I know exactly where you are but I'm right next to you what are you talking about you should jump down Barney I'm right next to you should jump down yeah I want okay come on Barney what's up man mr. whaling kin that bat mr. Wellington died dude glitter what yeah it is the well actually did you actually kill the well Jess I did what wait what I came in why I came in before the map started and I ate the whale oh why why Jess what yes from Barney yay hit him hit him I hit him I can't get to him all right Adam Adam look up cool pizza is gonna be all over you right there where hook up in there oh come on buddy Barney come on man man you got a knot suck bro I saw you this entire time and I was just playing around with you did I actually trip you out I feel yasha trip dear I was looking around I was like no you're not where is he would you say bail me hey Ross if you don't get me I'll show you something cool all right yeah that's my man check it out Wow check out why are you so big Ross why are you so big thanks I guess why would you do that that was so unwarranted I think you Adam you ratted me out no I did not you have no proof look how cute I am with my little snout I'm like a million dog oh yeah well look at look at how cute I am oh I keep punching and hearing noises I'm like it's them oh wait that's me wrost is tripping himself out I guarantee one of them isn't like the most obvious of places I found him - I'm a carpet he's a big magic carpet rock or kitchen carpet pop a new fantastical interview poster Oh Jin you are flat wait where is everybody I'm holding Jin hostage over here Ross why are you so big man you should be out here you leave anytime I want you know what I want to be big - if you actually know what I know what I'm to do what I feel like I did this wrong I don't know what I just did what does it go this place needs a new carpet there we go perfect perfect perfect this is just what I needed all right I'm ready oh no it didn't work I'm a carpet oh I was holding him hostage with you hmm I'm here - boy where is Barney that is the question is he in the same spot how much you want to bet he's in the same time I checked there hey you guys want a bit about that bed no hey you want to bet about a bet wait how did you I did it wait where was he he was under the stairs I was just I just was asking for a little bit of change why are the dead hey hey noob here we need your look so cute though you're got some change for a minion in need no oh I'm about to go after all of you get on my face and I'm skin to sort things out yeah a little huh - feel a little Adam hey man listen don't don't be saying owned I'm sorry look I promise I won't move from here if you don't tag me okay stay stay I will stay I got it you come out here next time I'd be here all right you'll see a plan plays out stay we're all extreme just like a dog like a dog she's got the snail and everything wolf mark beer bark bark a burger burger - bark bark burger cheese burger I'll give you guys have you seen that commercial where it's the Bulldogs going rice maybe what I'm hey hey hey what stay Ross are you like a very location I'm staring at Ross right now are you man I am make it easy just make it easy for me just come out just don't don't do this Ross Ross Ross stop stop it Ross what I'm gone did you really leave whoa Jesus vanish how did you do that I get it yeah you didn't want to be my friend it's fine it's fine you know what I'm just gonna go be friends Jen then okay where we gonna go at that is the question isn't it how did you get up there gin done I don't know how he got it all weathers okay dude you colonel I think I found the infiltration point what I made in the Shadow Moses Island watch would be after me at the Roth IRA member over I rub rub rub I'm gonna get Ross now this is personal do you man yeah yeah oh no he's right there he's right there I get him I can't come on no no no no Ross Ross stop it Ross come on are you are you serious no get out of there stop it come on are you serious he's still after me I'm gonna get you yes yes Oh finally wha-huh was it worth it of course you never got Jess or Barney or me or anyone that isn't named Ross well I mean according to her according to her according I can't get out I can't get out of here I'm sorry no the path I took to escape you last time that's the only way out oh good good this is fantastic nice all right cool hey Monica I'm dead inside I'm still waiting yeah yeah hey I'm not gonna make it there I'm just saying right yeah I shall get it King yeah the amount of time you saw I hit myself all right in the leg I hurt oh oh man I like you know how like sometimes you can just drop your hand it how yeah how how what right Wow Jess I don't understand your scoring system that is repair chuckwei only it only chooses the people who are truly worthy yeah ah celebrate with me tonight Oh Oh anyway guys that was hide-and-seek if you guys like this commentary I have no idea why then uh make sure to slap that like button to comment down below how you day was I genuinely want to know i-i've been trying to reply to comments more often and I would love to hear how you date anyway guys I just smacked my microphone it really hard um he makes sure to check his channel zat in the scription below because they're all beautiful people and we'll see you guys later goodbye also go check out the other perspective of Jess on her Channel it was yay he's been good you 
I don't wanna customer in my buzz Barney that doesn't make any sense all right hey guys got him with that guy Barney raging house our house owner Ross and oh my god TIFF I haven't recorded with you in forever I know oh come here give me a give me a give me a minecraft hug let's do this yes minecraft huggers okay so today we are back with more would you rather before this video starts I want to say thank you trying to spin around behind me you can't keep your eyes off of TIFF for a second cuz she's gonna come in yeah yeah guys we're back with more would you rather before this video starts guys I want to say thank you so much for all the support you guys been showing the series and if you guys want some more would you rather make sure to slap that like button and comment down below one of yours what would you rather do what would you rather do so we can use it in the next video the name of the game is pretty simple first person to 3 points wins in order to get points you have to kind of guess what you think everybody else is going to say so for example if I grabbed a book out of here and said would you rather eat a sandwich or would you rather pick your nose of course everybody's gonna want to pick their nose because it's just so soothing and I'll turn around and if everybody's voted for picking their nose then I get a point if not then I don't get a point pretty simple Oh Barney you wanna go first I believe in you Barney okay this is your comment Andrews Ben would you rather have every one of your sneeze and fart play an annoying song that your don't like him so it'd be like any time you fart you just hear Justin Bieber sing everything you say but often not so it sounds a little really off-key oh my god it's embarrassing no it wouldn't even be like that'd be like what let's get down to business to defeat you're not even singing I mean that's all hey man all right so I'm gonna go ahead and say I'm not gonna say but I'm gonna click it I'm picking a point I took your point for me hey I'm sorry I'm sorry I needed this I needed this in my life all right three wait why don't we say three to one I was counting down don't worry doesn't counting down to this book all right would you rather excited now lose all your teeth so you can't chew anymore and now you have to blend all your meals like a milkshake no you can't get dentures what all the time dude okay so basically you're on you're on an extended juice diet but sometimes it's not even that good of food okay who wrote this really who said shovel ghost pepper up your butt who was that who was that okay I'm gonna be honest I would rather not take the Ghost Pepper in the booty yeah I don't wanna customer in my butt Barney that doesn't make any sense don't think we have some ghost peppers in the kitchen we do Barney Barney you want one want one buddy good would you rather green any time you cry what the heck any time you cry you cry ghost pepper extract ah it's hotter than ghost pepper dude dude you'd have like burns on your face where's ray casually dresses Elsa from frozen every day I love that nobody can say anything we're all like Ross don't you don't you already do that Ross yeah rockin Dale's no sometimes a dress is all off all right you got this all right it's my first time guy all right hold on let me get up in your face we're like the support team you never want look yeah you got this you read their book would you rather shave your head including the skin what scalping yourself this is a viewer comment from face glitch dumped on 1 million shards of glass naked you lose pretty much your head and then the other one you die like do you see you jump on a bunch of glass you're probably gonna die we are going to be the next trendsetters I getting another point I can just feel it okay everybody makes sure to like not giving every day you wake up with a new nerve endings and you have to learning how to speak and walk again oh it's salt in metal shaving for the breakfast metal shaving as the cereal salt is the milk it's just one breakfast does it specify I think every breakfast okay wow that's that's difficult I don't know I'm gonna choose this one there's there's no way III type you're sure no I can get you got on bro welcome to the game we don't mess around hey you guys remember uh remember this you lost the game Oh in years it's been recut you want your joke back would you rather green always be $1 short on anything you want to buy oh my god that sucks okay or would you rather read every time you eat you poop your pants uncontrollably and this is from a lady they'd be saying warrior Davy what the heck man no you're gonna be having to like eat at the same sec cuz you're gonna be losing anything you eat so you're gonna be like forcibly eating all the time on the toilet eating oily doesn't sound it too bad to me already on the toilet yeah I'd rather be a dollar short because you know as cliche as it is the same money doesn't make happiness all right let's see oh yes you just turn to your friend bro can you borrow everything broken out a dollar just magically up a dollar would you rather green clean your ears with a power drill 600 whatever you greet or say hi in any form to someone you have to shout my nipples are hard right now I'm imagining is do you put a q-tip at the end of the drill and when you put it in your ears I think you just go yeah I think you just go have rust no yeah I did it no all right would you rather every towel you use has a razor blade hidden inside of it what dude that's not even cool Oh get stranded in the desert and have to sleep with all the spiders and snake as fine as it is to say like most animals they won't bother you unless you bother them so yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna go with the towel the towel every morning you're spending so long just trying to dry yourself just imagine rubbing the towel on your face okay with you ready Green once the Sun Goes Down you can only walk in you're backwards what or it's like it's like the worst vampire ever leave your life with with hand nipples to live your life with the hand nipple so your hand is not and your nipple is where your hand used to be which like well it's very the reward is up with nipples nipples for hands what live your life with hand nipples so your hands are now your nipples and your nipples are where your hands used to be what it is me and you never wanting to recorded someone else station now he touched his nipple all over that listen bro would you rather green watch Vegeta die every day of your life which was one of the saddest saddest scenes from from Dragon Ball Z was will G to die or would you rather okay this is this is so drink a cup of pee so live a lot like live live one day of your life like Bear Grylls okay you know what I love Dragon Ball Z so I'd probably just get emotional there's no way I'm doing this like I would never do that you're too emotional attached you fail no no dang it I lost out I'm sorry I just don't want to drink pee myself out to be taking so many bathroom breaks now would you rather just like a different farm animal each day of the week changing to any animal but have to make the opposite sound of that animal animals so wait you'd be noses or you better you dress like animal already become animal and knowing that I pulled out two animal bones I'm gonna be honest I can't remember either thing you asked so I'm just voting for some anthem random thing yeah oh wow Rasta yeah none of you guys want to be neat animals all unique maybe I'm a dolphin that goes Moo oh you could win we need a big board with people who've won and just like Adam I haven't always I haven't always wins a law okay listen so I rigged the game whatever I'm stupid would you rather be the girl on 50 first dates every morning you forget everything from the day before or every time you tell a joke no one laughs this is Savannah moment race Kyle I mean I mean that's already I'm gonna say that's that's already happened to me before I mean the thing is either way both of these we would lose our careers the only thing that's worse though I think is I wouldn't be able to remember my family I wouldn't be able to remember my loved ones oh you're right yeah right well the thing is Adam you wouldn't be sad about that because you wouldn't remember that's true all right I'm clicking your button I did it all right so we have all of these other books left if you guys want to grab some out of here and we might as well read them all right so here we go would you rather wax your whole body or viewer comment from key cool blasts walk everywhere you go forever I would I'm just gonna say like I know yeah I would definitely wax my body over walking everywhere would you rather jump into a pool of puppies boy wow that's great what assume you would kill the puppies my only thought is not all of them would die you have to add banana to everything you eat banana I would I would choose the banana because I would never want to hurt the little poor doggies so all right go ahead Ross you got this man would you never be able to tell a waiter at a restaurant what you want yeah I'll just point at the menu and grun okay so I max every day stand bond really close to a very high cliff I know you funny I feel like the waiters would start to like you like you're so unique from all their other customers you point out like a nice fancy steak caveman noises Adam all right would you rather attach lobsters to your nipples why there's 20 dang nipple ones this is for the buttercup gaming have all your hair be like fingernails dude that's that give me that give me huh that gives me shivers down my spine to think of that dude that's weird I don't like I'll choose the other one I don't even know what they don't know all right would you rather not lick slash wash your hands after eating an entire bag of Cheetos become a President of the United States with the sole purpose of passing a law changing awesome to Rossum the dictionary of all people who could have gotten that book awesome I mean that would be that'd be pretty dope to be the president awesome make that change in then a few other things I'll doing alright on this ROM is by Braden F jump into a thorn bush and after do the ALS ice bucket challenge with lemon juice what the heck Braden what are you man dogs knows just we just tell her like yeah there's gonna be a bit of crazy ones I don't think you were prepared for any of these but anyway guys that was what you rather and TIFF thank you so much for coming by and joining us with this this was hilarious if you guys like this commentary and you're new to the channel click that like and subscribe button also make sure to go check out Tiff's channel in description below because she's beautiful people and you know everybody else's too so I'm so sorry I did that whole outro without looking at the camera that was stupid watching I'm sky this is everybody else you 
you want to go all right get him out that's it's kind of messed up that you'd bring al into this what's you in for uh we're having small arms arms a pretty average size don't might have gotten the wrong dollars don't don't no don't talk about my arms here's the feelings a candle the mad ones just saying you have very aberrant working arm ah what oh my god oh wow where are you all right I guess what is this the note yeah thanks we pass the notes yeah there's no passion going on hold it up max pause ah funny huh you're not funny funny you're not fun Chum no messing wait wait hold on oh yeah yeah give me one second okay you know you're welcome back to another episode of cops robbers for the co-stars guys as always I want to say thank you so much for all the support you guys shot my channel pretty much everything I video you guys are awesome you should feel awesome and if you guys want to go ahead and show us more sporty can go ahead and slap that like button cops and robbers pretty simple concept one person is the warden we're gonna try our best to outsmart him or pretty much just get away from him in general to get to the boat and escape so oh wow there's a lot of lot of arrows you have this wardens mic ah God you buggers nice mmm eat themselves meat sums farting guys get out here that's only partially true alright let me see your note all right tell me all right let me let me read super secret note aloud Adam you suck Wow Sark's EP Darwin the warden says it no come give me a high-five yo you guys you guys want you guys want let me out you guys yeah Adam I say we break out of here one arm it what what is oh well oh okay I get it guys Wow bringing food for small snacks so excuse me sir hi uh I was wondering can you can you forgive that wall a hug absolutely Adam look a little out oh my god hahahaha where do I like ran right into that help you tie up that hey where are you run side for hey mags I always go to the wrong side mags Adam I'll let you out when he's near new carrot top smudging all righty let's go ladies Oh ha ha you're gonna have to if you want to beat me up you're gonna have to come in here oh okay come on bro oh I don't know I can come in there without without you escaping and then locking me in here I'm not gonna escape how do I know take you down right here want to go then you want to go all right get him out that's it's kind of messed up that you'd bring al into this you're not even helping I'm just gonna pet him excuse me Redmon fight yeah I mean I'm going to worry I mean I'm go to the wall I thought I'd give you a little party good job Barney good job Barney Barney open it open it Marty ducks open and close it Barney hey you guys like hugs she's like uh y'all want a hug hugs oh okay cool yeah okay where'd Roscoe way to try to do stuff let's all meet up at that wall yes okay guys I like to make out I am a real dinosaur hear me roar you need a little push now I'm gonna go out on a limb here and say he's not actually a real dinosaur away I know all right all right everyone run today no no don't have al back if I can escape him check this out watch Oh so Barney who else wants to run real quick I mean it looks like red threads running looks like da definitely running hey I won't I wanna play a little game with my friends you know what friends you want acquittal I know what happens when you're butthurt max oh all right I'm going out man going your necessary con hey I'm done going over to the wall and without this sir max would eat something that is where I just went man hello I will oh my god no back into the wall a little bit perhaps can I buy a simple freedom game for you guys readable this is gonna be burgers and eagles all right you know we're gonna meet at the wall and someone's gonna earn their freedom who or you know what Barney just come here I smell my prize I'll back yes which one smells I've made it to the wall so far Adam has one point over everyone else tells you get free you told me it comes down there easy you guys need to be going function members of society or Mexico function you hitting me warden I think you want all right you know what we got we got you guys all right so we're gonna take you're already at you weren't I want another point that's what I want I'll do whatever it takes to get this I want you wait order to complement red look oh I like Cara I like how your arms look weird so you're gonna make fun of my arms now now Mike fun Oh your bread warden he's hurting me to compliment him our buddy no Barney Barney yeah yeah won't you tell us how this situation makes you feel ah he's a little bit pets Lopez pants right now hey red yeah what the last question for whose freedom is it anyway what is my favorite color uh is it great ah every time Ross turns around I just move no you were like a Weeping Angel ha ha what look up where'd you go how about there hey shoot him shoot him no this is oh dear me I'm actually not of character that's not the real max he's not a snitch I'm setting up to snitch you but I was trying to bet the bridge so no one could escape why are you trying dude we going let's play new game what words go get that guy oh how horny Wow Barney okay wait please don't shoot me please guys I will take the arrows for you guys you're right missing the one I'm with Texas me eight like 17 pounds of water burger that was honestly impressive like the fact that we didn't die that's pretty good where you can't kill us guys I going back for animes quiz families quiz no one Marny yeah obviously thank me hold up there's an anime quiz yeah I'm down come on I want questions questions well well written hey Ross don't worry they can't escape now yo watch me I've got hops oh and now no one can escape oh no Rose you mean turned evil you already give up in the start but you've turned even more evil I don't know what to do i I've never met anybody more evil than i I've tricked you it was a ruse all along does that mean Isis your Reds gone does that mean I should help looks man no yeah I don't wanna help you anyway hi I'm just watching this I want it I want to see what I mean I didn't blown up that much parkour champ I'm a builder go he has blocks ha ha Ross hey don't come back where's their trick up my sleeve you still want me to be a snitch before you want me to do it doing that bread all right I'm doing it dude the thing I gotta do you think he'll you all right Philip now your time to shine who's Phillip Ross where you going I'm over here oh oh that's a girl I'm out I'm gonna go ahead away from this this is bad I'm gonna go ahead and pass guests and he ain't read home heimo go go go philip destroy them Philip uh you uh you need to calm down a little bit Philip you're uh you know will not like Philip well like I'm going to die Amy there's the bread toll I got money two pieces of bread all right Adam can pass here you go uh red breads escaping no I forget I get my bread I gave my bread with water passing Adam II took the Doom's don't I give him good know they're escaping why can't we just be free oh don't you do that oh wow someone dad Russ oh my god oh I'm not going to back off whoo get up go do I hear fellow Philip scared me Philip almost killed me are you guys are you guys so okay I'm going to go do my own thing you know I'm coming for you Adam I'm coming no I paid no sharp Ross how it what's up with that I paid your toll Ross Ross don't do this don't do this drop of your bad shot hey wait oops Barney hey all right oh poor him Oh Barney watching behind you if we're going to the boat yeah run run run run good does lock oh my god it's just not working out her back famous baldies got it good luck what did you do don't look too far ahead of me what did you do dang it oh that's that oh my god what the who's a bad shot now what how did you uh you I missed all the floors Oh use yes visibility bad shot Ross guys I'm coming I'm actually Ross I believe in you one day oh no idea I'd added I had am I to die okay so max was obviously here you have no proof you're like oh my god max is a huge hole in the wall itself wait where I didn't do that I don't think I don't I can't you jump I'm just calves probably photo all right so I lied I didn't can't shoot let's go yeah it's painful actually it Shh yo you know this is my boat now right no no it's actually my looks like the wardens gonna win this time are you having I'm do you mean but don't worry don't worry I had the baton the horse passed this me thank you yes okay we're us made it up no I have a heart backup you're a singular heart like a singular I'll squat Phillip don't make me do it happening and we're here okay oh they still gotta take out Phillip my god ask you guys you want a gallery bellowed in this hole I'm get up Phillip I think I just killed Phillip Phillips actually it's not even me that's killing its Ross Ross just killed Phillip it was Barney by spies fill up Wow what it what a twist what an amazing chain of events that is happening right here it was my brother three times her room all right on my Ross question yeah why do you guys keep calling me warden kazar you're not the warden there's a warning I bought a zoo does this make us animals all rise I'm an animal dude I mean I ha ha ha nice try max bye bye max know what like what Mike I'm calling those relatives no I don't pass me that bread I need it oh I got only one bag left no yeah put the bread split it catch it no he's not oh no he's not good this is really a background check guys all right Jay all right I don't know please Adam all right this is the plan I'm gonna jump for the water and you're gonna some house get me out oh okay I'll definitely do that some other time oh come on oh no no Bex you made it to the boat you made it that's a dragon that's an energy who spawned an Ender Dragon I have no idea Dre I didn't need to ask that question that's Philips uncle Oh God yeah I'm regulated by zoo Oh oh you make plenty of money off the tourism yeah no not even a cent no I never got a chance to set up my zoo you guys show up cause a wreck is someone named Phil just blows a wall ah stop hey Ross could you like stop song oh wow I got you I fell I'm safe now go Philip Wow this snitch made it guys could the boat like makes it before me because I don't annoy I was all I know is that we're about to take off and unless all let's get here then Oh No believe our own you we're taking a break spam together yo he's blowing up the boat hurry up Barney where are you Oh bunny stop Barney you can get it Cybele Barney I'm gonna push you okay always gotta deuce Here I am I'm gonna push you all right here I come boys snitch whoa oh my god that was an awful awful fail showed up my best does this mean I'm not gonna make it a little bit oh my god Barney move faster there's a freaking dragon right there go any faster I'm here hurry all Barney I'm the only only little million don't wait where's the pink don't name it Terrance oh my god he named it Terrance go Terrance hey Terrance is attacking people you to tell him to put that know Terrance is loving soul and he's not attacking anyone my photos and work on news and I'm we honest with you man we're gonna have to leave you behind it's impossible to take you whoa wait what cuz he's just sunk the boat we're all gonna die that's true get him felt well Terrance yeah Terrance anyway guys you know it's cops and robbers if you guys like this commentary news channel click that like and subscribe button Robbie Jerry was a complete failure yeah Ross what was it we were neither play cops robbers is Ross we're own dissin my investment I'm down 20 bucks I don't know what to do you bought a zoo for $20 yeah I can't a big empty prison looking thing I mean I didn't know anyway guys thank you so much for watching I'm sky and I'll see you later couch checking for channels outstripping blowing intro beetle you 
it is I'm not sure but I started reading this manga called set up as a tobacco button it's a lot it's called Stefan set that I could but it's a lot like a tactile training but it's one anime what is it called wish I could read slap on Titan or something slap on like Titan or something yeah yeah I didn't really watch it past the first season though no yelling at me this time this is great I just about to say you're you're here for two three day in the row now I dude I was sick I'm sorry I was sick alright children quiet down I'm the principal of this institution can you please quiet down you've already done enough damage we have that you have no proof I have I have all the proof in the world you've you've trashed this place more than I can I can even begin to explain I I had a personal stake in this institution and now you forced me to get a second mortgage on my home my wife left me I can no longer afford to keep my children in the house okay life problem no I don't need ear steak what I need is I need for you to apologize for what you've done and work to fix it do you remember all the damage that you've done no I I don't remember any damage I haven't done anything to you you want to go stop fist fighting in the school that's against the rules y'all break the rules again I haven't done anything you're gonna have to prove it to me rule number one is no fist fighting rule number that wasn't me oh yes he's allowed to yeah rule number two is if children fistfight against each other were allowed to punch them exactly me all right well children I if you refuse to admit to what you've done why don't I just go and and show you because are you so excited this place with colorful little carpets and stuff we felt like this is supposed to be fun can you stop making it fun I'm sorry no you're supposed to learn from this supposed to go on to be adults from here and all you can do is prance around like small children what are you 18 years old you act like you're five I'm sorry listen look I am learning I'm learning that you know even if life throws you curveballs that you can have fun oh you can't I have not the substitute did you say that every time I've done anything going on I filled her what substitute teacher are you talking about I've never assigned any substitute teachers to your classes okay just be quiet would you children please follow me first we're gonna go to the gym do you remember what you did here in the gym no you know yeah I was with the explosive balls by any chance well no we don't have any more dodge balls we we had to sell those to pay for the repairs in fact we had to sell pretty much everything here in the school the only thing that's left is this broke down and dreamless shell of a building where all the other kids have left because you've driven them away you lift them on fire you blew them up we have lawsuits all over the place all because you for I wasn't even here this day I wasn't even here this day how am I to even know whether you're telling the truth or not oh just gonna have to trust me well too bad a rolecall system got blown up as well I can't possibly check that so I'm gonna assume you were here for it okay so have you absolutely no remorse for what you've done it's not necessarily that I have no remorse I just think that we made improvements and this looks cool I bet I could dunk a ball at this point now this let's see let's see stake you can't even make a dump on something as high as your waist I'm afraid we are maybe this didn't have enough of an impression on you the next place we'll let's go you guys need me to remind you of some more damage you done yep I'm following fun field trip here veneers no this this here is the first classroom that I ever taught in when I join this night uh what did you do I don't even know how this happens who's been expecting me by the way who is this principal this this room looks pretty dirty I've had just about enough of your back test everybody out have you desecrating the first room I ever taught in no fighting in this room this isn't scuba diving class water cleans everything do you have any idea the cost of repairs for this you the idea how far down this water damage has gone into the foundation clearly clearly you learn nothing from your engineering architecture courses so that's in the range of a hundred thousand dollars to fix hundred thousand yeah it's well it's about a hundred thousand dollars less than you're ever gonna make in your lifetime so I have no idea cuz we were gonna sue you yeah I only got like like a pumpkin farm at home if you want a pumpkin I could I could make it worth your while in pumpkin I've had it I've had enough pumpkins expecting me I went to this this is actually back when I attended this this school this is the first room I ever got taught in so it's great to see that it's on fire now I you you and I have different definitions of cleanliness but I why did why do you have to bring a flamethrower to school whatever you did I just to be fair I thought it was impressive that he pulled that off let's be real the room seems kind of hot I don't necessarily don't appreciate it I think that it's just a little a little hot for me I've never been a very good at tanning beds and this is just why are you staying there for a second no she's unemployed now because we had to fire her to compensate for all the damages you remember you remember when you were supposed to mix vinegar and baking soda to make a little volcano yeah it wasn't you weren't supposed to actually use dynamite in that let's be fair here she said clean the room look at this this room is clean this is fantastic tell me that this this isn't gorgeous I like when you build a room from scratch it's pretty clean right yeah I mean it's to be fair it's unbelievable it's right in front of you so much fun this day are you gonna show us other room have you have you no no ability to recollect and and show any remorse for all the things you've done I don't not show remorse I just think that you know we had a really good time alright alright I've got one more thing for you keep following me grab a ladder do something alright you haven't showed any remorse so far but here we go final step I feel a little bit of remorse I feel bad don't get me wrong I go that's it that's a start you know that's the first stage I'm not stop throwing food at me that will make the situation any better you can have it back I remember this you have you have no respect for this stadium back in my prime I would run this track now now that I've grown too old to compete I used to enjoy watching games here watching track events and then you just had to go and blow it all up put that away don't you know that's against school rules give that to me I have a question I have a question what are you what are you trying to do out of all this like why are you showing us all this I really you know I I thought you all might might have just had a sliver of human decency left in you my point exactly but but it's pretty clear you show no remorse you've just blown the school up to bits you've ruined my life you've ruined the school we've our attendance has dropped dramatically we have no new enrollment for student oh yeah what what do you want from me we just want to graduate man yeah diploma will be awesome yeah really yeah I mean we took all the classes we just I'll tell you what hey you know what if you guys will just leave never never come back never set foot on this campus again never never let me lay eyes on you I will I will give you your diplomas not so fast we do want a graduation ceremony though ceremony I can't believe I'm doing this today we are here to celebrate the achievements of these students who blah blah blah get up here and grab your stupid diplomas when I say your name man I get my diploma I'm gonna graduate I'm so stoked by your caring in order to teach you the teacher did responsible for loading up everything in the first place sky I did it I graduated Barney just get off the stage Barney what thank you is this gonna be on the final there is no no it will not be on your final Jen go enjoy your whatever awesome and Ross what is it now Thunder clapping so proud of me if he was here now get out of my school and don't you ever come back so high school wasn't that hard yeah I'm not sure what he will make such a big deal about it it really wasn't too bad I had fun so we're guiding our diplomas what we're doing now you guys want to get a house together or something you you 
mudbud hey guys sky here I'm with uh oh god it's just a dross and agenda to drop it what hello welcome back to do not laugh and before this video starts guys I just want to say thank you so much for all the support you guys have been showing the series and if you guys want to show some more support you can go ahead and slap that like button let's try and go for fifty thousand billion likes fifteen sexy that's six and a half fifty thousand six and a half alright and uh yeah so if you guys don't know what do not laugh is concepts pretty simple don't laugh that's that's literally the whole thing don't laugh in the mat and the first person to get the three points wins so ah first person three points wins in order to get points you have to make other people laugh so if if Tyler we're standing in the middle right here if I made him laugh I would get a point we all go around a circle it's gonna be fun it's gonna be great you don't even understand it just investing in my life you don't understand how much I love this series I can hear your voice breaking like you're about to cry yeah a little bit yeah I like it that it's done job here yeah who did that horny gotta wait Tyler can I stand on that uh-huh um Tyler do you want to be in the center yeah I do that means that means I don't have to make a joke for at least another five seconds yeah okay so uh yeah hi bacio what have you just started like laughing maniacally like haha that's blind glutton don't just make you laugh yeah no I mean no that was part of the maniacal this so it kind of like I would turn around I got this oh my god I know what this is I know isn't it great alright turn around faster oh wait wait wait I think I'm too big I'm too big I was trying to do the impossible game dang it dang it I'm too freakin fast action why did I pick the fattest one I don't know whose idea was to do this a crazy cramp but good job because that is the actually funniest thing that has ever happened oh thank you I I tried my best once make me laugh Jen Jess I hear gin I hear a James that is involved here okay that's way too I enjoy look at you should I look at you or should I look away no going turn around yep I love me some hot pockets oh that does look like a hot it's so accurate maybe ice cold in the middle of the melting it that is so accurate that even happen every time I don't understand I get it like that's actually really clever yeah what are you guys do how are you guys involved I don't have anything do it Jane Jane your jokes like from the past couple episodes compared to the jokes you've been putting out in the past two are ridiculous Oh such a huge increase what did you google like oh yeah duh all right Jen Ross it's your turn to make him laugh hey mom Peggy you got this turn around this is gonna be an IHOP joke I swear to god no it's not a freak on if it's another IHOP joke I'm gonna lose my mind cry hop has good Mozza sticks mom artist what mozzarella mozzarella sticks oh you just call it a matzah stick yeah matzah stick it's like you shorten the mozzarella cuz you can't don't have time to say mozzarella say mommy I want you to turn around real quick touch me i-i'm I'm judging you so hard why are you turning around again okay I I get it all right now turn around again Oh God who stole it was me just pointing it at your own hand no it was me and you'll never stop me I do it again do that's like jump-off alright here go Ross you get one actually what's mine soon as I as soon as I started doing it I realize like wow that that actually isn't gonna be as good as it was in my head so now it is just massive right it was one of those I just had to stick with it if I give up now then you know know what'll ever continue my legacy all right this one comes from my boy Ryan Huber from 2008 October's on September 12 why does it take pirates so long to learn the alphabet no God no because they spend years at sea David even say Ryan Huber probably worked really hard on that joke in 2008 why would you disrespect him like this Rob seven years later I'm smiling I'm not laughing can I try one more yeah I swear if it has to do with a pirate going to the movies no oh I got one I got one what did the Pirates say when his wooden leg got stuck in the freezer ouch shiver me timbers work here's a truck I give that charcoal give that man his point you did it thank you I only use three jokes pretty much cheated don't deserve the point but I'm here what all right so I've got like so little jokes I'm gonna be honest with you I don't throw out what at me and say syndra I'm not gonna do that mud but what I fight I've tried not to laugh because that's the worst looking arbor like a battery is literally shot riddled up like my boy all right man I got one more I got one more this one's always foolproof mmm nope all right does he mean oh yes and finally worry let me tell you why it may be like because the way he delivered the know all right and then everyone else is continued outcomes it may be like if you guys didn't keep going back I would have left but then you just didn't acknowledge they he didn't work done I'm so happy I'm either happy or grow I'm holding proof baby alright it's my turn Ross what is this this is gonna laugh yes I don't know what it is but I'm gonna laugh Rosco alright let's uh put a blast alright Adam turn around no turn around oh no I'm gonna go there I'm gonna do that you okay oh I just left Rock your hair hey did I count the count I laughs never did anything Jane I'm gonna feel so bad for you if I don't laugh at this and I laughter the other thing and you didn't take the point so don't laugh I am smiling right I don't know what it is oh hey it's Ross's half-brother Oh God that's pretty high I don't get that one she was a pirate series look at his gums feet he goes because he lost his legs oh my god I know we're bad people I love you losing limbs like it was in Pirates it's okay okay my dad was a bridge all right Ross mickjen laughs this is the street joke joke I you so much right now I just gotta beat you he just got it was your joke got so mad what is it it's called a particle generator gone now that's cool nothing like rotten work I was gonna bust out the yellow one Ross get in the center Tyler make them laugh all right I don't I actually know much about this mod but I'm hoping like this is some bump and tunes hold on oh all right sick uh yeah look at this don't I look weird Oh what Alex gross stone it's petrified boy yeah yeah take a closer look at it though that's we what are you what are you doing I start off my hot I buy your mixtape clothes all right cool is it my turn then Ross I found your leg buddy I like we just grabbed it on Ross today but no Ross come back come back Ross my fallen won't break my leg no Ross I'm not done come back all right well I really want to win this so I don't want Jen to win so I'm gonna go come on I'm I'm gonna use I'm gonna use my last joke and hopefully it works Ross please for my sake wait I don't want to leave a lot of these all right ready let's look let's go clubbing bro let's get all right is that all was that a club eyes joke no it's just a club short I chuckle I'm not taking it I'm not taking oh and go ahead I breathed heavily I'm gonna be real here my joke is really not like any if I lost because of you Jen I swear and I don't have a joke I'm gonna lose it but I love it this just feels different because party's not around yeah that'll do hahaha I guess that's mean you guys are mean you had built an entire house for that joke I would have laughs uh I was going to I have the props right here building the house I'm sorry Oh all right all right all right Jen dad it's scary to say this but I Jin just won I won my second ever do not laugh I'm so happy this is this is your second way this is only your second time that's anyway guys that was do not laugh you guys like this commentary needs a channel click that like and a subscribe button also make sure to check everybody's channels on this revision below because they're all beautiful people also make sure to check out Tyler's and this computer Lucky's these beautiful people Ross what he doing I don't know I just want to look at you ha ha ha but - anyway guys thank you so much for watching we'll see you guys later you 
ha man am I the only one who can't believe that that McDonald's guy actually paid us did during the work we put in the work but we kind of blew up the entire yeah like I'm amazed that we're alive like the doctor repair costs from our pay there's not look I see right through all afternoon and everyone's just driving away the guy seemed like really nice he didn't like give any undertones that he was gonna take away our pay he mentioned to raise to me really why do you why well we really like my work on the register uh-huh I said he was gonna add five to my pay oh right okay you're only got five for everything whatever whatever who cares I'm tired I want to go to bed it was a rough day it was pretty wild yeah hasn't thunder muffin been at home like all day today yeah why whoa what is happening what is happening what in the world not again that's it this party is over Brett tower Wow pretty hungry you maniacs you blew it all up here we go gosh darn you all the heck ah it's just the bread don't you undermine me you big purple dinosaur Ross had to be sent uh yeah may I remind you the house is full of chickens this is your average chicken coop party either this breed is adept and simply won't stop until the morning when they won't home there's only one thing we can do cut down some trees and make a new home Ross no any other ideas oh we could feel like the house weigert then the chicken without you leaving because they'd having no rooms to make a party I'm seeing a few holes in your plan Barney hmm what you're thinking Jen well perhaps in order to end the party we have to stop it at its source Thunder muffin good thinking all right let's go my gosh this is ridiculous they're laying eggs everywhere how this chicken told muffin never again this is the nut huh wait would he throw this party muffin probably is this isn't the first time this has happened nowhere he knows all these chickens from I don't know he seems like a pretty popular chick in that barn you got got something on your back what never mind don't worry all right what no okay guys we need to figure out yes they're playing games with you Barney they're chickens they don't they don't care all right so we need a focus all right we need to find muffin we do need to find muffin so let's start looking through the house I'm gonna be honest with you Ross I don't know like these all look the same to me I I'm sorry I don't want to be that guy but all these things look the same to me we're gonna need Ross to tell us which one is actually thunder muffin so we can't split up you'll know it's muffin when you see them trust me they look like chickens Ross this one thunder muffin well how am I supposed to know that they live on that I'm seat like none of them in these rooms are all that's one thunder muffin look there get up in the corner dude get some eyes that is not muffin get down there music from wait a minute aah what if he's in one of our rooms oh you might be hiding we could terribly knows wait a minute Ross is this one thunder muffin that one is not muffin okay fine I'm sorry sorry table let's see oh my Jen you got some on your bed don't worry about it we gotta fight them up in the end this party now this is ridiculous oh my gosh Barney they're all in your room they're like party coat no actually gotta having fun all right he's not here Ben he's not here dough can take care of himself all right goat goat you're gonna be fine all right this is gonna be done soon go get him Kate muffin we should leave Barney behind God Kate we'll leave him Barney behind all right what is he there's some eggs he looks like muffin you guys see him all the time wait a minute wait a minute I think I found him is this one thunder muffin that doesn't look anything like thunder muffin I'm sorry I didn't think of whatever I thought he might be the one making out with another chicken babies guys whoa sorry to bother on here okay get away from my butter block what are they doing they're like worshipping in back away hey hey back away they're like super chickens I can't even hurt them what is going on whoa they're like it's like some weird ritual or something I they're not even paying us any mind hey muffin said go home wait wait Ross try and communicate with them that's not gonna work listen to me muffin said go home I've known you were better not mess up my block okay if I come back and there's any kind of damage wait a minute wait a minute where my bars at they got rid of Mike did they move on I have no idea why don't know where to put them look we can look for them later all right let's just find muffin first and then this party don't steal that is wait fill him up in this Ross's pen maybe he's in Ross's room okay rhasta Wow nope this is the one place where there doesn't seem to be any chickens Ross Wow would have thought muffin riding in here oh wait a minute are they are they no there's there's there's two of them in here they look like boys it looks like girl jeans No out out no girls Oh mommy's gonna get it mmm why are they all like hanging out outside there whatever all right we've checked all of our rooms Hunger muffin through this party and then he leaves no the muffin would never leave a party he's always behind what muffin will do look we should we uh should we check the bread Tower I mean I mean it's big enough for them to be eating out of it right guys from here it looks like they've already ate half of it are you serious oh my gosh it's like destroyed hey I'm gonna check in my room real quick sure oh my god what are you guys doing oh my god oh my god is your stuff is broken their screens broken okay him let's find more awesome is he I swear to God when we find him we're taking him out no Muffy all right this is not acceptable throwing a party while we're at we were gone only for a day this is ridiculous how do they how do I even find this many chickens ate half of bread shower that's crazy old it the chicken with the food it probably bought that would be starting with thunder muffin thunder muffin wait Ross is this month on your muffin no just stop at whoa guys this is Hollow wait watch did they hallow out my Tower what the heck why here try breaking that some more of it what the heck Russ what the heck is this I I don't know but it's Brett I never built this part of red tower what the heck it's made out of all bread like a red chamber guys I'm not having good feeling this one cause I'm staring muffin it just it goes into like the ground it's like they're still working on it what the heck is this oh that's adorable they made a little circle that's not adorable it's demonic rot lies its hunger muffins is trying to do initially with the chicken Ross remember my electronics you're a house your bride oh right thunder muffin this is unacceptable this bow behavior should be reprimanded oh sure rub that in my face I thought we were over really really you're gonna bring this up now all time right now up by it's not good boss what's the thunder muffin just do hi I am the bad feeling whoa what's going on well huh Oh guys this is mega Blok whoa that's one big chicken all right birdbrain you and me this was from the corrugated metal armored cables I think yeah looks like Jim has the situation under control Jen wait this isn't the way violence is remember the answer technology platoon put them up only you can stop this box on the chicken barn eggs thunder muffin please guys little help hey that's not part of the deal you off in the BET's off good luck Jen Thunder muffin listen the past few weeks I haven't been the best owner I forgot you at stark tower I almost threw you in the frialator hack I couldn't even throw you I have these imparting I know you're an angsty chicken wants to break out of the coop pecking heads with an overprotective owner but please try to understand aside from my screw-ups and mishaps you're all I have left I can't lose you like like I lost Thunder clock so please Thunder muffin do the right thing I'm not crying you're crying thank you thunder muffin I promise I'll be a better owner from here on out yeah keep the mail cluttered maniacs well I'm glad everything worked out in the end no thunder muffin next time you throw a party just ask me first okay anyway guys that was roommates if you guys like this commentary new to the channel click that like and a subscribe button well I'd like to give one the next episode will be coming out September 2nd I don't I don't know what day that is let me hold on let me just quickly look on my phone one second hold on that it okay that is not as a Wednesday yeah check it out on check it out on Wednesday and we'll see you guys later thank you so much for watching keep eye you 
what what is this exactly what it looks like it maps to the greatest treasures in the hundreds of miles are these are these real yes you're not knowing this but the pilots we're knowing of the whole world we're not understanding and how do you know if any of this is real captain you can see it for yourself tell me that if this coin does not look the real to you these coins I've never seen markings like this before anywhere this small pile alone to be worth hundreds that captain he's already finding some of these pages and he's leaving us the map to finding the rats it's just lying there waiting to be taken no this is debrie I'm tied to duty not riches they're still saying that what makes you think that the British will care about the duty they're only caring about the money and this way you can paying the bed for all that was lost I suppose in the sky aren't you always wanting the adventure to being the captain to having it respect yeah but how is the treasure gonna keep me that are you not use your brain if you are being a reach Ron what's stopping you from buying your own ship and being the captain of your ship my own ship can actually be the captain of my own ship thinking about it how'd it sound kept in sky captain sky I like that it has a nice ring to it alright Barney you've got me let's go get that treasure do you're saying with this treasure I could bring my men home captain yes we could go home oh hold up there really I'm telling you that the adventure is what is so great about this life yes the treasure is here our opportunities here but really you aren't is still going back I mean I don't know I've never been like one for adventure I've always wanted I could I mean I got it you can't get your own ship you're all crew everything you're the captain I know I that's it's like all I've ever wanted huh I mean it's your dreams this is your dreams here wait hold on hold on hold on we have more my dreams aside we have more pressing matters didn't Ross just finished his surgery Oh rot like totally forgetting this we should I'm worried I mean it's it's partially my fault I mean I I should have watched him I should have watched after him and I hope he's okay well it kind of doesn't matter in what you watch they have to rot you're always getting himself in this sticky situation but still he's like a little brother to me man did little brother aside he's in the situation he hates what the heck what the heck Ross what happen to your other leg all right oh my god Ross I thought you only lose one leg the infection spread medically possible till uh still can't feel my toes I think he's still got a sense of humor guys right that wasn't joking I can't yeah I mean right I know that the situation is not the best situation for you okay but no it's not look at it this way still probably you can learn to walk again hopefully maybe Andy you're not stranded on an island oh boy maybe I can light my legs on fire signal another signal another ship I wasn't I wasn't funny I'm sorry Ross I've got a I've got interesting news I'm Betty good news it's a good news your guys it's it's good news I don't know how it's gonna go over with you considering though I mean well we're we're gonna be we're gonna be pirates we okay I'm gonna be a pirate gin not all the way onboard but you will be he'll come around so we're so we're gonna go and take legs kill no no I'm gonna be different I just want my own ship I don't know what I don't know what everybody else wants but I just want my own ship you just want a ship but you'll kill people to get it no I almost died yeah it's my legs but there could have been something higher up but you're not dead you survived you're still here you have to be happy about that you can live but I'm here Marty we're on a freakin pirate ship in the middle of wherever well think about it this way amazing but at least we're not still in that island I miss the island you don't write you can still learning you're just saying I've been learning how to Ron you're just saying that's good Ross will be able to get enough we'll be able to get enough money to get you like chainmail leggings not not say me that would probably be bad but but automail we could get you anything maybe an improvement something we could get you metal legs the finest the finest of gold I look forward to that maybe someone will steal my legs instead of uh take them off now oh come on and ride cheered up it's my bad Ross because this is a new a new perspective on life I don't want this before you were just a cabin boy now you can be something else there's no home to go back to Ross Ginn was thinking the same thing he was thinking I need to get back we can't living like this but I showed him we have the map rod we have the map neverwood all the treasures all the adventures the the last pirate who used to own this ship was looking for the exact treasures that Barney was there's it's just so bad so sailing the treasure was our spaceship no all right no your thinking is small you're not understanding this there is adventure where the treasure is so big I can't explained it to you so massive it will change everything I just want to go home I don't want adventure you hear that that sounds like rain I'm gonna just say and hopefully captain I'm not overstepping my boundaries I want to take Nightwatch you're good you can do it make sure to stay warm come on cheer it up don't let it get into you Ross I promise cuz I feel partially responsible for what happened I promise you partially it's not my fault come on come on man don't go blaming this on me I know I know listen here listen here now's not the time to pointing a finger okay now is the time we regroup we readjust I'm gonna have me move forward I'm gonna do Nightwatch because I don't necessarily trust all the pirates on the ship yet and I don't know if we're gonna be attacked by some rival pirates in the middle of the night I don't know how you guys work so I'm gonna take knowledge you're right it's good we should still keep their eyes on these guys yeah they probably not like against so much right now all right Ross will visit you again soon okay I have some dinner for you all right dear the rot cheered up things is getting better things is getting better you two should go I'll take care of him all right okay I promised you this things were getting better I just got such an uneasy feeling about these guys hopefully they'll hopefully they'll be good I don't think they're the thing is they don't feel like they're gonna mutiny is the triumph what tight come here I was I was doing my job I mean do you want me it's okay yeah I'm not in trouble you're not in trouble okay I'm here something I must show you okay what is it can you can you tell me an hour this in here mm-hmm you're did is so good on the island what do you mean okay I meaning you're the reason rod still alive yeah he lose the leg and because of the red doctor he lose it too but if it wasn't for you rod would be dead I honestly I have no idea what came over me like it's as if it's as if I could like anticipate their moves or something I don't know it was it was weird it was weird I mean I used to I used to fence a little bit back in back in Britain more than fencing sky it's your blood your blood your bread like this okay you have a talent okay so here I need you to be my first hand what can you do this what about Jin the jinn is second his second guest his decision he doesn't know if he wants to be in this life or not he can making the decision of that I can't have it firsthand like that I mean it's it's an honor but I feel look sky he will still be part of the crew he's still with us we're not getting rid of him but I need the first hand that I can counting on that I know we'll do the right thing that I know is prepared to go searching to the end of the earth for these treasures and this adventure I'll do my best I'll do everything I can I've got nothing left I might as well I might as well put everything I have into this that what God why I make you my first hand that's why you're here that's why I having to show you this show me what take on okay okay is it is it bad everything's okay but you need to seeing this see what what the heck that's a British ship that's the British frigate well why have you not should I tell Jane er no sky this is why I'm telling you you might first hand I have to being able to trust you you can't tell the Djinn what he will say he'll say no we need to warn them he'll show them hey we're here he'll stop the ship he'll try to catch up to them we can't having that he doesn't understand him they were not going to accept us our life has changed we are changed joy you want me to just not tell him but that's all he wants like why can't we just drop him off he doesn't knowing what he wants he wants to tell him him okay I'm here god no he can't they'll kill him he doesn't understanding this you can't shut up to them in the pirate ship there will be a too many question why you're on this ship what's going on why are you with all pirates on this ship we don't have an answer for that nothing they will believe oh it's so close though that's the old white sky that's the old life it's your life okay okay we have a new life here okay there is more to this world than you can know yeah all right can I trust in you I won't tell them you're my first hand now yeah okay if something needs to get done then you're who I go into okay yeah all right away I never seen this hard steel like you had and I don't think the fencing is part of that that's a natural talents that's a natural talents there's so much in this life that you're trying to uncover that you're going to finding out okay I'm just gonna have to leave my old life behind they strong they strong well I got I I'm gonna go to bed okay finish one more round on the Nightwatch okay yeah okay I won't touch it you 
yeah alright hey guys Scott here I'm with that guy Barney Jim Bob gaming and Ross and today you're gonna say gene again nope sorry today we are playing two truths and one lie now we are we have created this game to express our love and friendship and basically basically no yeah basically lie to each other so what concept of the game is pretty simple first person of three points wins in order to get points you have to guess the one lie that someone says to you if you guys want more make sure to slap that like button let's try and go for 25,000 likes for more of this it's very very simple so uh we have a random generator that is going to say names of the guessers and say names of the liars and we will go up against different people and pretty fun so with that being said let's go the guesser is that guy Barney the liar is awesome okay one of my books no you got to read it off to him if you're the liar all right I went to college for multimedia psychology and computer science you're doing it like that oh that's brutal okay no this is the only one that's like this okay wait wait what are they I went to college for multimedia psychology and computer science oh come on you know what this is who would trust their psyche with this guy what you went for psychology I no idea I told you last night I forgot a barn you got a point all right all right the next let's go to the next round let's do this come on the light oh come on let's go let's go Adam again I mean lie to Adam hey okay here's the three facts I used to put sand in my hair as a kid I never watched the full Matrix trilogy I practiced this archery and I keep a bow in my room yeah I have no idea I'm gonna go ahead and say you've never watched matrix what do you think about that wait you did you did watch some yeah but why did you have to figure out what your own lie was wait so I got a point I got a point all right all right I got a point oh I'm the liar all right I wrote three books cuz I'm lame like that so Oh Oh Barney how much do you know about me Barney all right so I've done p90x two times I've broken my kneecap and I'm 22 come on yes yes it's let's uh let's find out who's next they did the liar is that guy Barney Barney you're me liar look at me Jen look at me look at me focus Jen I know you can't see my face but I'm doing the weird face it's like this is like a massive showdown over here remembering that there is one liar okay I am allergic to the cats my favorite stores is the Amazons calm and I have a cat oh man that's brutal okay I just imagine like calculating Barney's lifelike things he's ever said goat at home that's a pretty sure you have a cat oh gosh you big liar rush you okay big liar what what do I know about you Ross let's do this okay all right y'all ready I'm still ready I've never broken a bone I've never had chick-fil-a and I've broken into a house what oh wow all right this just threw me for a mad Luke I feel OOP oh I bet he's broken into his own house because he locked himself out once yeah I'm gonna go with Barney I think it's chick-fil-a I don't think I remember because I remember we were driving into into Bellevue yeah and you said no I've never had chick-fil-a I remember get out of here Ross used one that I knew oh good I'm a liar okay oh right back that's fun okay all right how old he know me Ross yeah one I broke my arm trying to get a ball from under a car I've pooped in the woods at Boy Scouts or I cried at the beginning of the movie up oh wait crap I knew that was true that's true I never I never broke my arm trying to get a ball from under guard I never said I just worded that terribly I was thinking all right he's lying on the first one he's lying in the second one the third one's true I like how Barney's like the other than me who has a point we always don't know each other at all Wow all right did a big you're a big liar okay wait guys hold on hold on listen focus all right Barney you have to analyze him analyze every single thing about him you got to read from that face or to go it's scary but you got to focus focus on his forehead no that's the horn the horn is coming off well listen for his face calm down all right ready yep I've been on the news I hate Denny's and I've touched a shark no he's been on that is a good one I'm gonna I'm gonna say I I think I think he is never touched a shark yeah I'm gonna say already you will be momentarily answer it it clear blue sky or a sky with nice clouds in it what no you're not cloudy but like nice cloud like Oh what elephant I guess nice clouds okay you never on the news on the news you gotta think about he's from freakin New York or whatever right where would you find a shark a shark I sure that way you've touched the shark done yeah when I went with my parents to Florida I I don't mind Denny's I don't hate it I just don't care Oh what it was Denny burning passion against Danny's oh oh oh my god I'm sorry does that mean that you're you're you're cheating on IHOP no I mean everyone for a loop here buddy oh no I love though you guys never even considered Denny's as an option all right let's go next let's do this the light of the sky does MINECRAFT okay let's do this yes sir Jen I'm ready I'm ready buddy all right I got this I'm scared of spiders I've eaten a cockroach and I was punched in the face at a school dance and broke my nose I feel like you've talked about being punched in those before I'm pretty sure I'm afraid of spiders were eating a car I'm gonna go with the lie is you're afraid of spiders I actually am terrified of spiders no but I think you got confused cuz I said I've eaten a grasshopper before a cockroach is way too big that's that's scary Oh Barney you're a big liar you have a chance to redeem your points come on man you can do this okay my house is I have a dog and I was born early you know what I think he's gonna I don't think you have a dog if you have a dog owners all right the wire the wire is house owner okay oh I could win this whole thing right here I could win this whole thing right here baby let's go yeah I've never had surgery I took part in a child beauty pageant and I've been skiing New York so I just live in you never had scheme win yes oh I remember you saying this to me you know what Adam you're right that was the truth two truths and a lie I have never had surgery that is the truth you guess the lie what was the lie I never took part in a child beauty pageant I just I would have expected it from you I'm sorry guys think I was in a child beauty pageant I'm sorry you it just feels like you would probably be in one Ross my win was in my grasp boy all right come on lawyer so my three facts I've read every book in the Battletech franchise my favorite ice cream flavor is peanut butter cup when I was very young I called ice cream ah quickly that's why that's why I've never I have not yet read any of the books such an odd piece all right who's next okay so much for the champion blood yeah the Jester is a house owner oh the Liars again dude you're such a liar Jin stop lying to everybody crap Adam my friend he's lying real quick I gotta lie not the truth because false okay I was a senior class officer at my high school I was an Associated student body officer at my high school I didn't tap rent at my high school I know this is all right I'm gonna go with the second one because I didn't understand what that meant The Associated student body officer any of those words that's that's sad that like yeah I'm pretty sure the reason he didn't go to prom is cuz he asked me and I he shot you got shot down I'm sorry all right who's next one liar all right let's see well oh this one's this one's hard okay I've been to England I've been to Spain I've been to Jamaica come on Barney grantees England Spain or Jamaica Jamaica me crazy Barney who's next the guests are Jin Bob the wire is sky oh these are my last books all right you ready Jin yeah How well do you know me all right here's a good one I've dropped my friends phone in the toilet and never told them about it I wrestled little lizard gaming at a get-together in England ha ha and I have a pair of contacts at home that I never use I feel like you remember what you said in response yeah I feel like you don't have contacts at home I don't if I said it on camera he watches my video the liar is that guy Barney come on come on Adam I mean the super smashing brows in a bunny socks I don't think you've ever be in Adam actually no I feel like I know you be in me before yeah was it the truth Barney do you want I still think you saw you just cheat the game oh my god it's getting close everybody has to subdue the guesser oh I could take this whole thing home now I could take this whole thing home come on Adam come on Adam all right I never had chick-fil-a I studied French for three years I've traveled to Seoul Tokyo and Beijing I don't think you've ever had six boys Jim am i right I bet chick-fil-a and you are right wait I was right guess the lie bro why does it will keep doing this I have no idea I have no idea I feel like Jim I feel like it should be very apparent to the viewers but now that I'm stupid all right but anyway guys that was two truths and one lie sorry if you guys got confused too because we confused ourselves but uh anyway guys we're gonna be working on making this one a little bit better a better Reena if you guys want more thank you guys so much for watching I'm sky and I will see you later recruits you 
wait are you ieave it are you the Beast oh yeah maybe you shouldn't be smacking people around McMahon all right hello my name is Becky met before this video starts as always I want to say I'm uh I'm better than sky and uh that's all you should know so today I'm here with uh with sausage samurai hash born Hank and Peggy a pal oh damn serial killer I guess uh yeah you asked just uh us if we could hang out with you more often and um right we are about him because we're super nice remember duh we're going sky so listen here serial killer so while we're gonna be playing run from the Beast today and uh I'm gonna actually have you to be the Beast so um oh right yeah so like you're you know I get to do some serial killing yeah pretty much you're away from all of us uh and you're just kind of chasing us longing to be like us wish you were us Yeah right well I'm cuckoo for murder ha ha stop making serial jokes uh yeah if you guys want to you need to slap that like button um yes because you know I'm betting sky whatever and calm it down as always baked man is better than stay like that I don't see that comment then I don't think we can hang and you're not actually one of the best breakfasts for gray so uh yeah with that being said I guess let's go into it alright so let's read these rules rules one person is chosen to be the beast and puts on full diamond armor when he is ready he hits the lever when the lever is hit the runners are released the runner's goal is to survive and get to the end of the park or at the end of the park or there is full diamond armor to kill the Beast no breaking blocks are escaping number five survived the Beast this is created by Noah craft for the win and ex Akeno crafts is awesome I love Noah craft he's he's beautiful person beast you click this button right we all got we're all gonna click this button now ok oh alright I think there yes I think he gets to release us whenever he wants to you'll never catch us though that is that is fancy looking armor look at how fans who like you that is that is right here we go you bail duds that's that's not that's not even a cereal joke well I don't know ale ron's wait guys wrong way wha no it's not is this what this looks like it did oh yeah at 70 the wrong way we gently took the wrong way I'm gone wrong girl we're all gonna die okay whoever Oh God yeah who's the Beast oh I know the wrong way Oh God it's not Sarah told me dad it's not Sarah please I cannot protect you from him I don't want dad SMI run out rape movie Oh I've run out of run stupid of me I've run out of run Oh No samurai oh no what I've got a good idea I've got a good idea what you're doing mine my idea is to just kind of stand here and hope he forgets about me this way yeah I literally just told you to go away and what are you doing you're not going away I'm telling you how I'm Wow oh there you are no I'm not I'm coming back no you're not coming back coming right over oh wow no already halfway there good luck try it right here we go won't do it I fall for any tricks oh I get it because tricks Ariel August Cara that's that you recovered yeah I guess you could say cereal pun only not too warm I gave you one more here we go I said don't don't touch me I'm not trying to become bacon bits right now I'm not trying oh don't you feel silly Ron sighs - Sam right run run samory where you can make it cool go my gosh she'll sell your all your awful oh how do you feel about that is that I'm coming I'm coming back I'm sure you are and guess what I'll be here to knock you off again ah I'm totally dead that was not supposed to happen that would better kill the sausage Samurai and you know not an Oracle pal not if it's good morning Becky oh I couldn't save you did you kill him yeah man I'm a job very good that's it jumping good job I just do that way okay guys I think I think you killed the Beast that that means the game's over you know that right yeah does that mean I get to be the Beast next round oh yeah that means you're gonna be the Beast next round yeah I get to be one of the team so foolish on that note yeah you should you should probably be the Beast but why haha you'll murder just saying it's not that we hate you it's just no no it's kinda cool I've said I'm a serial killer I I'm supposed to be yet I understand that's that makes plenty of sense you know I think she's trying to vent pain when he makes it okay for him to not be able to group but actually he's not okay but I'll see I'm an important part of the group dynamic oh yeah Agnes yeah yeah yeah what everybody's it's just we're playing a role here we're all we're all friends on the end of the day yeah yeah we are yeah friends yeah definitely okay okay cool right so I'll be the piste again sounds delightful okay cool yeah let's do this yeah where are you guys we're in we're in the chamber well let me put all the stuff like even happen to you God just become a pincushion Hank hold on let me try and pull this out I'll just turn around turn around I'm trying I'm trying I'm hot hey Phil I don't be too of our view but I can't get in there oh so you're just wanna come oh my god you look terrible I always know because you how do I get back in there cuz I click the button and it wouldn't bring me in did they meet right side maybe the side yeah yeah I think it's broken okay yeah it is okay we go there you go I'm a girl stop did you just get the lever yes I haven't even had time to put on my order my rattle we are we have out all I'm gonna get you no you're not why not Oh prepare for a corn syrup surprise Oh cranberry Rapids with where the heck is that oh crap part of a healthy balanced breakfast that's not doesn't sound very healthy corn syrup does not sound very healthy is plenty healthy don't you love starch I love Sarge what do you know anyway I can tell you so fast oh I'm just slip it on Cyril get know who it is it's on my way packing hell he doesn't know parkour no way I got no oh see you later hashbrown Hank I'm gonna go kill you at your house breaking me way baby me I'm the cool one my final minute maybe you just need some syrup on your pain bacon what did you just say what a late wait pancakes I'll come back here real quick Pam you girl thank you fell check this out watch I know you're just gonna run by me but I'll let you do it yes I want oh wait there's plenty of armor in here for everyone oh yeah you know oh well now I just know I just look kind of like a jerk how do you feel ah pretty good actually guess what what we press the button it breaks it okay go oh god I pressed it you teleport me back no come on oh my oh my OOP come on I have a sword for you know you know yeah I do I have one right for you I grabbed it just for you I promise see all right here I come just for you okay now I did not grab that but I will protect you I'll make sure that you don't die because you were my best fan I want to get in here get armed you're grabbing us ah oh come on there we go the final battle let's do it collecting your box tops cuz your buddies I have places to go okay go for me oh hi mom come on with us Beckett man oh come on me what you want man someone someone's got a room for me huh no oh thank you hey big mouth Oh bacon out the honey nutz oh god Becky back oh god back Val are you doing okay serial killer oh yeah I'm totally fine thanks for thanks for asking yeah I just want to make some a big hat sorry about that uh This Is It this is the round the round to decide who is the best ya know maybe maybe it's not really fine whose device I mean where are you you'll see oh it did already teleported me wait are you ieave it are you the Beast oh yeah maybe you shouldn't be smacking people Ram big man uh-huh are you challenging me or he's upset and all she's all right let's go oh you weenie like what happened it was so dark wait what the heck what what happened well hey hey it's all it's a spider oh all this monster final oh my god everything just got really intense really fast Oh okay okay pal I know what you're thinking but you shouldn't kill me because oh maybe you shouldn't turn around no I'll protect you to prove my worth yeah please do that that I'll really be part of the team yeah just protect me yeah that's good idea yeah yeah will there Hank oh I'm gonna crop with you pillows pancake out come on remember all the good times we've had together mind the time you threw me in the wobble or any of the other times you just left me behind no I've never done that before I don't know what you're talking about form well what about when we were in the present with the serial killer and you just oh yeah let's just take the boat without pancake pain why those are sake did not do that that is okay sure I used you as a shield a couple times but that's fine you say good bad watch out I couldn't hold him off he's coming for you I know look at me pancake pal I wish you I'd ever even got to Twitter see Thank You Man I knew that was gonna happen because now you don't know how to get out of there without mine no you see I don't need your help I am taking man hey pancake how could you get me out of here real quick no oh come on man what's that sausage samurai need your help I'm gonna save you and you're not there to save him this is this button oh yeah let's go back in Val this is it the jeweled and I'll do a peg a man knock him off like a knock up yeah I'll get him oh wow yeah it was me they'll armor nothing just your cereal Rogers house that was pretty creepy guys my gut don't mention it about part of the crew know what is kinda messed up like at the end of the day I still do like pancake Palin you just kind of like just kind of go smack in the back of the head really hard I thought would you do their two major I thought we were all Oh me make man argue all the time but that wasn't cool yeah I was like what we would say this honorable yeah come on man you literally hit back I'm just I'm just gonna I'm just gonna go I'm just gonna wave in you same book yeah guys I think she's not giving book yeah I'm leaving like this is weird man you 
well you want why do you why do you keep doing this to me man it was pretty good what misunderstanding what I've not done anything man I've not done morning I have no idea what your deal is dude like I have no idea what your deal is I just want to be your friend I just want to be your friend but you keep doing this and I don't want to be your friend if you're gonna keep doing this what is your deal Oh teacher yes I'm high she has chickens yes hello class I am so sorry about that I just I just wanted to bring in my students for today um anyway let me inform you guys about what is going on currently now the faculty here has asked me to come in because apparently I have a lot of experience despite losing my husband recently they don't seem to care about those have our names future thank you a breath why are these why are these named after us because today what's going to happen is you get your own now you take a lead and you take a lead and you take a lead and you take a lead what's gonna happen this is weird they dye your chicken why to your soul why what what is happening why take a chicken I'm taking him with me what are we learning today what is what are we learning yes yes we're gonna learn how to cook today so just get attached get emotionally attached to your chicken take it take why do you hate me so much I've never done anything to you mr. Barney it is not nice to pick on mr. sky how could you I am crying I am crying I am crying ow I love my chicken I thought I'd share yes just please get attached emotionally to those chickens because we're gonna be cooking today and are we cooking the chicken we're going to cook a cake today okay anything else I like I like I mean are we cooking like anything else I'm really bad at baking okay all right so let's see what everything I haven't done anything to you so um can I can I borrow someone's chicken for demonstration Gino's Thunder claw come on buddy there Oh Thunder come on Oh so even though we're baking a cake today there is no shame in learning how to cook other things um so first things first if you want watermelon with your chicken you could you can put the chicken with the watermelon you can also put some pumpkin pie with some watermelons too I mean it really depends um you you can put some mushrooms are you certified chef underclock come on buddy Thunder clock please okay let's just chill it in that way I remember my husband used to cook like this right next to the chicken I'm scared all the time I scared no stop it stop no oh God chicken oh I mean I think you lost your chicken is what happened I think teach you guys how to make a cake that is totally not a chicken cake okay I'm scared I love cake I made this cake this morning for my husband ex-husband it was actually our anniversary today happy anniversary happy why why do we get these what do I do something something has been leaving you I dressed myself this morning I'm so scared that something's gonna happen today is um all right so I'm gonna give you assignments so um guy and Barney you know what I got it you're going to be working together because you guys wait I'm gonna make you my friend I'm gonna make you my friend be my friend stop hating me for no reason come back no you're good no we cannot do that we're going to you guys are going to be making steak and Asian and a Ross you guys are going to be making it why are we making steaks seems random why are we making but you know what because it is such a beautiful day and it might bring back some memories a certain people and you know when they came to this school and they came into this classroom and they went to home and they are you making us make steaks because it reminds you of your ex-husband whoa man that's law when you want to cook you always have to use the special and green food that's fake hold on oh okay I was saying that's why are you doing that here you go here's the steak that you can make where did you get 64 pieces of raw beef I guess I just happen to back them up anyway I need to make a cake I'm not sure if I have everything here hey Pete how we cook today's so so what happens if we mess this up is this if we mess this up or you gonna be mad Oh sweet sugar eating the sugar oh good no Jin stop eating sugar what no I'm just they're gonna help me cook another I'm not I'm gonna require some some coal to start up these these burners right here do you have any of that yes Jin are you okay you eat all I'm cooking you know I actually really wow this is cool Barney look this is cool he makes fire no but really cute anyone to bake a nice cake first get a golden star going the oven like that to you I can put this thing better than you harness stop you're gonna burn it like that oh yeah the same way that you're burning the gym and trying to kill Donny I want it you you are all unteachable did anyone notice you broke her leg and kept running you 
we were wrongfully accused what you in for I mean is it oh all right on that case you should leave I tried it kept kicking me back in here oh that sucks yeah I ain't here I stole a toilet anyways you're innocent right no of course not I stole a toilet I legitimately stole a toilet yours actually criminal yeah I just I walked into like a public well let's go down in here still hey how's it going give me one second I'm not morning all right so before this video starts guys as always I want to say thank you so much for all the support you guys see on my channel pretty much everything to do welcome back to another episode of cops and robbers now have you guys done no cops and robbers just pretty simple concepts we're gonna try and outsmart the ward and get out of the prison and get to the get the boat and guys if you want more cops and robbers you can go ahead and slap that like button comment down below yeah that's it just comment here alright sorry about that what's up boys hold on a second just hold on I got one more thing to do alright I'm just kidding what is let me Ollie I'm in Cherokee you're in-charge my name is Adam hi Adam I'm Shelby hey nice to meet you let me ah ah yo my knee excuse me could you let this out what is this I can I can I come please I need to see what's happening let me let me let me out of this a little quick just dim it once everyone just move into that one cell okay I'll just I'll just move I'm gonna trust you for a minute trust you get in of course I'll get in there please we are not as what else to be in here we were wrongfully accused why I just like stopped the video now like is this you ever you know like mental torture I feel like this would classify as milady Hey oh my god I'm serious he's got a heart I'm in here too it looks like the tables have turned for the pumpkin head anime thief oh no no no no no no no no for you stop breakin you know guys ever just like here you go just you have a video and like three minutes in not even not it's not even three minutes I'm looking look look there so I understand that you are jealous oh my knee again where are you going horny half on ice are you back in there yeah are you going Punk where you going Punk whoa why are there so eating my clothes no yeah we're good oh sorry help with a red punch it for the face yeah I don't I don't think you should do I think we should go away um Oh what are you getting anything okay cool yeah wow you want to see a cool like 360 flip yeah bro do it oh that was again Adam you died hold it I'm coming buddy where yeah oh my god please come save me he stinks you're nice anatomy please he smells like rotten beef and apples what did I do whoa you're letting out fit uh criminals villagers villagers please like now too many Squidward's yeah I never touched me Jeevan parkour oops yeah wait out of here you've lost control of your present on three minutes into the video we have a run that's an idiom where are you should show me my ring this is my prison gang everyone to the camps here you were having with chicken for lunch whoa uh uh I like thunder muffin whoa who's in my office that's a good question yeah what are your problems check that out hi how's it going hey I actually don't before you kill me hold on stop stop check this out you see that right over there oh why you trying to kill me why are you hurting me you don't like me Mountain that's not even a cell it's a bathroom oh where are you Adam where are you why why why Oh me yo Shelby I need you to do me a solid woody I need you to send me a razor so I can shave what what wha might be what's getting free can look look at see your butt is like chicken that if you say no you're my bad no you why it's thank you chocolate in my peanut butter go ahead go Adam you seem to keep forgetting every single cops and robbers recording have secured oper guys I've done it I've got her cops we're playing you a snitch every time because you betrayed me back in 1972 I wasn't even alive don't lie to the babies you're not using me with someone else hey wait hold on before you do that again stop is everybody else will try to stop doing O'Leary's money wait what is creator psyche no one not if no Barney get the time hold on I'm not even gonna ride I'm gonna shop I'm gonna stop now check this now here's an issue uh-huh this is actually like broken so this doesn't even work don't hurt me because I know you're trigger-happy this guy he doesn't work like look doesn't it doesn't work Vega Thanks all right we will judge the shot for you no oh oh there I'll actually have like oh my god oh my gosh snipey all right Mitchell Matt I could have a shot come back Rosco get Adam he can't hear afternoon haha I'm just gonna let you go good I'm already gone I'm on the boat we kill everybody else what that rack you can take this like Mac wait I do you can have them did you give up on me to die action make it yeah no you're good are you kidding I don't even make it that's that's a really sad day that's a sad day when Adam makes it there is no way right Adam makes it Thank You Shelby I'm Way too damaged to like actually make it onto the boat Oh in that case hold on I'm gonna be right there no hold on wait I was lying I'm already on the boat I didn't yeah I'm not buying any of that okay I'll be your table so hey look over here the distance Shelby last come on Ross come on well he's fighting who's firing it he's fighting back oh my god but he's making his personal warfare he's seen every episode of Colin ha ha I'm a better shot than you hi it's really one go to the boat you'd be doing nothing cubby waves or shows up I'm gonna take this off for you too max uh I did it what you any bad Ron man run jump on a rope why you suck apparently if you fall from a really far height you die gravity will happen it'll work what what how she killed Winston thank you before what now yeah I feel worse that I killed the horse than any person yeah hey wait wait bye yo Winston Oh what its gonna bring our you know Oh bye No hey who's going to the boat me who's asking anyone who's cool tries to get to the boat I'm a singer I'm a pro technically I don't owe you teleported me Alec yeah you want to go do you even PD push me you'll be really careful though Adam don't let Oh shiny now I don't let Shelby hit the lake she'll turn it into an ocean oh my my again wait oh no you feel she jumped after me I can't see anything wait can we start a petition to call Ross Franck I will pay with that ronk arrows do not travel underwater where's my friend MUX nope I can't see anything I'm I'm busy darn it my friend Runk is dead all your friends are dead oh hey Barney wait a minute he writes on Barney tickle tickle no you don't tickle Barney giggle giggle giggle giggle Adam take a lickin out yo that's not fair max you know what I wanna talk to you make the I know don't get hey don't know hey dougie get back here I'm just I'm just I'm gonna take a bullet for you oh god no doggy don't you know I can't get to the frickin boat is it cuz and I don't want to alarm you exactly because you sex pretty loud tensely take a giggle I'll take a bowl free morning Jimmy or Shelby Dingle Dingle boom digga digga digga next we go in we go in fast we go in hard I'm down right now we get to the boat we get out alright let's do this Barney Ron dang it I can only hold it off for sure Oh jiggle jiggle frosty go whoa it's got really ominous well this will work eventually max hundred it's all fun oh my gosh you got it yeah all right we're coming in hot come on cinnamon for I'm coming to save you guys tickle tickle get her Adam oh yeah I got her now check out Danko wha why do you keep naming things dangerous normal Oh shooter oh oh damn we did do this in the memory of Daniel feels like I got a duty safe okay what's the safe route hi that's what you get hey show me hey hey you can be nice oh my god Ross we're gonna die oh I've already made it max are you kidding me oh yeah no we're we don't know how to get some backup because I you can't you can't go to the boat as the warden oh no no to go away I'm laughing was lost away now I'm half a heart better burn the entire thing get it guys all four of us friends made it work yeah all four of us oh oh no fire legs on the water you all four of us why do we why why do we make it a thing two Oh Shelby I understand you mean Megan yeah yeah anyway guys that was cops and robbers before this video ends I want to say thank you so much for all the support you guys show our channels and pretty much anything to do make sure to go check their channels out in the description below they're all beautiful people go check them out they're so great alright anyway guys thank you so much for watching I'm sky and I'll see you later recruits boy you 
I think guys got him with what are you done yeah just let him be okay I'll just I'll go ahead and do that red max and Ross and today we are back with more do not laughing before the studio starts guys as always I want to say thank you so much for all the sports you guys show my channel I'm pretty much everything that I do you guys are awesome you should feel awesome and if you guys want to go ahead and show some more support for doing out laughs you can go ahead and slap that like button comment down below your own jokes please please comment down a joke we're running yo who named me Mad Max I know I gave red the power it's actually pronounced max mad uh yeah I'm Dyslexic now you're insulting me no he's were you peppering you ha ha boom boom was starting good anyway so you guys don't know how to play do not laugh it's pretty simple concept first person three points wins in order to get points you have to make the person in the center laugh so red you want to get the center yeah sure do woo yes oh my god everybody readies rebranding this is something different I'm not starting to do things on who wants to go first ah alright I guess I'll go ahead and yell out I'm go for red you laughing around damn sure rasca me okay alright I've put all of my money on a horse number three okay come on oh oh you've got to be kidding me like ready to win the race I just I don't even understand like hutton warm up like I get my money back err it's literally died on a pig and they're all go Russ be free gonna make you laugh yes yes Adam you made me laugh and honestly when I saw the donkey like what is going on here know what happened there yeah just randomly randomly spawned with like a leprechaun hat on his buck and I never laughs wait I got your points right sure no you don't you don't get points I get points Oh would you even want to play this I explained it even listen uh no dad here open your ears gonna be on video so we're turning the entire recording on oh I quit I quit this no Adam Adam you're so salty if we were to dip you into a lake you try to bear let's go that uh alright I'm in the center go ahead max all right Adam face the clouds the other cloud no I'm gonna face you because max look at me under my stars in the sky you are my sky yo he said clouds oh how do I there I'm turning around ah now hi max this is like been for years I'm working on something yeah I'm almost joy I'm almost good ponies good ponies we're gonna do no oh all right Ronny round up doc doc doc hi should I go ahead and take a seat walking my piano recital you to pick a seat okay just have a seat anywhere not not on me okay most of the laces okay what uh what I'm gonna be playing for you today is Wow yeah we got boys we finally got a gun yeah yeah we got yeah how did you why what the heck what the heck why getting steak operation I just don't even understand why I'm at someone's piano for something that's for us to worry about this is the perfect place to do a sting operation yeah all right that's good max go ahead thank you no that's my pony he's named a spot he did now boy he's dead oh my god gonna take a tread sound that's this whore  my god Ross oh yeah that's the face of a killer who's gonna make me laugh uh is it Ross turn yes Ross is yeah it's Ross's trainer and believing you're us all right man face your piano recital yo look at that horse that drunk that's on his foot right max Katherine around yeah and yeah then call me on my phone they just even bullying me does this even look like the right sweater I'm crying on it kind of saw the sweater and I thought it looked cool call me on my classy hello forward anything rods do funny Thanks yeah he's just walking over to give the point darn wait why are you guys the same color why am I the only different color what do you mean I'm color boy Adam use your eyes it's not Orange let's green not red what are you ready I want to be yo you guys messing with me no we're no we're not Lee yellow blue white or are you green green yeah stop we're not messing with you that's obvious is it you're Adam are you just finding out your color blood I might stop it stop that's not we're not ready I don't know Adam are you messing with us no I'm not when you open a bag of Skittles are they all red dude I think we might what is happening on your screen what is going on I thought it I legitimately thought I just went colorblind I legitimately thought it again I just found out I was colorblind on camera you guys scared the hell out of me oh well you learn something new every day that is not funny oh my god that's hilarious all right okay all right Murray I got the space please don't let me line on a frickin do not laugh I'm gonna dress up real quick okay turn around oh hey Russ I'm John Batman what to say uh no don't don't look oh my eyes right Russ Tommy what's happening I have I have something to show you I mean he is a superhero Hey hahahaha Dino Batman that I shall do this scary probably wondering where Dino Batman goes to the bathroom secret why would he be willing no no I go to the bathroom oh my god um I don't know what I lost more respect for that red making the Joker out of our Ross laughing out it I'm so sorry I don't know how to be but max I think we're on on we were synced up there when our hearts died a little bit saying III died a little bit I just just can't read get in the center okay is it my turn or do you guys wanna switch it up a bit can I go yeah all right base corporate already Terra oh my god he finished Oh Oh what joy what'd you do what'd you do I honestly that was not what I was expecting but haha you dated after four hours of preparation you finally did it turn around turn around max oh where which is the reward Tori Tori oh well I'm trying to fix myself my god oh my god max Jake stop max aah all right max you can go ahead and turn around I figured it out Hey waffles Oh warp marbles marbles burgers hey how's it going man you want a menu there you go yeah what do you want I'm go ahead and place your order you got a hamburger cheeseburger a double a double with cheese a milkshake pizza mac and cheese Oh number seven that macca cheap okay let me check real quick yeah no we don't have that oh um why is on the menu they don't have it I'm sorry uh we're all out what do you have you'll go ahead and pick something else okay uh do you have uh you have a corn dog uh pizza okay let me go check real quick what are you checking in yeah no we don't have that either what do you have I'm being completely real with you man all we have is his edge of sketching some trail mix and go ahead look in the back real quick yeah hold on let me check mmm all right so I found this jar of peanut butter what are you selling you won't buy it no you won't you won't buy the deputy butter lay everything you're just like this little person behind like happier why are you me I'm scared at the answer it no jump up Adam jump up on here and show off the apron Oh what where I've never seen this skin we're coming - cramp we have is an etch-a-sketch peanut butter and trail mix it warbles burgers got it stupid warbles burgers all right I'm gonna go ahead and get in the center Ross you wanna make me laugh oh yeah I do all right face max oh god I don't know just got me oh my god I just laughs face my piano recital no don't sit on it yeah no I'm gonna sing you guys amazing song it's about my father let's turn around yeah I need you to run okay Sasson screams din i knew i would be the greatest success and everybody else and put my hood back on I'm just gonna prove I'm an assassin to everyone else you know just jump in the hey you're SAS and things that no one will be like Ross not really a female assassin you're Ross ready guys yeah we all knew where I was good all right just taking point Ross you in the center right make him laugh whoa okay I don't you think you can just tell me what to do that's what I just did how do I look ridiculous oh you'll touch me like me Oh hug me next yeah like me go away a Kleenex all right you ready complete good good old 180 all right give it to me I'm looking Wow yeah yeah how so that's nice they call me the master boo boo - oh my god I've been practicing this for eight years of experience Mobutu master I like how it seems like one of those like old guru chicks just like would you like to learn the ways of move oh dude what is move we are the most powerful wizards in the whole universe no I'm already a necromancer foot-washing our main power move yeah I feel like you didn't intentionally make the face look like that everything is intentional in move OH - here's our one and only magic spell that we can cast on this world dad was the power I hope that was intentional because that's hilarious no they could not have been everything is intentional with Moo who do do I get is a mouth do I get to try uh yeah make my merit or wax don't laugh he's probably not gonna not that good alright ready be turned down let me turn it on room I am breathe night they call me why do they call me great night so I can rescue with a princess oh good Oh fair lady oh good hey light I missing ha ha ha no it's me right after lady princess dropping corn dogs I have let down my corn dog air for you to climb up thank you lady I will be upset no I'm not looking for a committed relationship like that divert specular autumn alright you know what max how does it feel a diverted laugh yeah he did I did you to have a one do not laugh yeah great for you your wait can I do Adam I got a joke for you man no no no because I got this from someone sent me a YouTube message asking me to do this one okay I'm ready clear I wouldn't do that laugh I guess you could say this joke is really cracking you up yeah how does that the Krakens head is actually literally a nebula you ever notice that he kind of looks like butter uh-huh thank you guys so much for watching this episode of do not laugh if you guys liked this commentary to the channel click that like and subscribe button also make sure to check her pajamas on description below because they're all beetle people max one do not laugh tell everybody your max cheated you 
ah what a nice day dude what are you relaxing for we're late oh sorry I mean it looked nice fountain and get lost in stare man why are we always late for our classes what you're the ones sitting here looking fountain I was not I was not look at Jen he was the one who's all like it's hard to it's hard to take your eyes away from it's just so naturally beautiful I feel like you get lost No Jen's having that mean features today what means teacher no he's right we have that one I saw his name on the schedule and he just completely destroys all his students what the heck does that mean why he's just mean no one knows apparently he used to be ahead of a lot of really great restaurants but then he lost his job just got really bitter and angry yeah oh yeah we're doing cooking today huh how I give you so many cooking right what you gonna do throw flour at us I don't know all right let's go come on you don't get there soon he might where's where do we go I think it was room 104 wrong way wrong way okay I'm sorry I'm sorry I still know the campus very well well wormhole war this is one of 500 right here 104 all right why the heck am I even bothering with you you couldn't cook a potato in a bloody inferno you fought why did you turn up late to my class I don't care if you miss your English class if you miss your math class if you miss your science class this class however you turn not to on time do I make myself clear yeah but like we were outside looking at the the fountain it was I was looking at the sunset with my best friend jin-heon sunset you call them reasons for being late I call them excuses I'm sorry Barney well because you fall late you have the pleasure of a pop quiz especially people do bummer how do you boil water we'll make it nice and easy for you oh this is easy party you can't be serious Barney come on what if I need to warms up my god smithston ice telling got two runs on treadmill furnace like it thirty or forty minute and then sigh have a warm squats milk co-ed open alive right now oh you actually disgust me whoa yes speaking of disgust oh how do you make a chicken cordon bleu of a chicken blue chicken cordon bleu it's a dish yeah but I well I mean Thunder muffin turned blue one time I'm pretty sure he just ended up rolling in paint but when my chickens blue I bring him to the bed oh gosh that has nothing to do the word chicken crap does not actually express my feelings towards you oh come under this desk I have more respect for it than I do for you oh god again Jen you can do this focus you got this man how do you properly sear nine state this one's easy you got this is this gonna be on the final yes it's gonna be on the final which I am absolutely positive you will fail miserably you will probably get the lowest score any student has ever received I just order a medium-rare chef cooks enough I don't need to hear the rest of us Shane it was so easy wrong and the biggest mouth in the class ladies and gentlemen hi guy what is my recipe and this is an honor to be asked this question so feel proud what is my recipe for the perfect beef wellington ah beef wellington that's delicious ah well um you think here befalling it will be delicious if you use my recipe correctly beef wellington before in 10 before Linton okay beef wellington you're gonna get a good beef filet preferably Aberdeen Angus around 2 pounds or 4 ounces 3 to 3 teaspoons of olive oil 25 grams or 9 ounces of chestnut mushrooms including wild ones if that tickles your fancy 2 ounces of butter 1 large piece of time 3 and a half ounces of dry white wine 12 slices of prosciutto two ounces of packed puff pastry thought if frozen thought make sure to thought mmm gonna need a little bit of flour for dusting and what's the last one two egg yolks beaten with one teaspoon of water how did you fall even get into this school alone in this class I've insulted that the principal has sent you to this class I know how install it that you were admitted in a fine establishment especially you are an imbecile to making ramen noodles and easy macaroni and on that bombshell let's start another episode of Nevers kitchen but wait what why right TV four teams one school and one nightmare of a head chef this nethers kitchen coming up I came to win Bob and open darn depending what I'm gonna do cook the chicken I won't do it Ross his obsession with chicken stand between him in the truck Barney ever discovered who cut the cheese the branch is running out of time this toaster be able to handle the heat answers and more Oh tonight on deserts kitchen and the clock is started oh gosh four minutes okay okay thank you thank thank well I make I wanna make what what's up can you help fine what do you need me and thunder muffin are having a bit of a disagreement what do you what do you mean thundermutt why why is thunder muffin even here oh I'm helping him he's cooking wait why is he cooking this is your thing I can't cook what do you what do you okay what do you have planned what are you gonna make all right well he wanted to make ladybugs on a log the heck is that well we're gonna take a piece of celery and we're gonna fill it in peanut butter and then put raisins in it Ross that's uh is that that's all is that all you're doing yeah but thunder muffin says it means bacon thunder muffin laughs you're right everything's better with bacon uh sounds like you know what you're doing just three minutes remaining you got it you got this man you can do it we can't all right I might as well check on everybody else hey Barney what are you doing hey guys I'm cooking here Barney that's a fire why do you have a fool why do you feel like fire what is going on here is my cooking stops guy wait what are you cooking on a block of dirt yeah why no that's nice this is how you get reals flavor your food I'm gonna get you're gonna infuse it with the flavor of dirt what is this what are gonna do with this little sugar for a little spicy spicy little goodness there and then the dirts will infused with fan and it will seize my gods cheese okay so way you're gonna make a fondue all right it's gonna mix gods cheese extract special spring okay so fondue two minutes remaining Barney Barney whatever right you got it you got it you see finally I'm losing I'm losing time are you okay but the real problem to have right here is the toaster but whatever work I knew I should have left you with the lava it's a little bit switch to one sitting and then I bring it to another Center but one side is the other selling cuz it's too much all right and then when I try to put in between the cities it doesn't stay that way so once I rose because yes I won't be cook enough so I always keep trying to do it doesn't work I don't know and this would be perfect so I don't know what to do Jen um be honest I didn't understand a thing you said Jane listen listen here's what you got to do okay so if this is not going well the toasters not going well oh gosh I wonder if this is not going well the toasters not going well try putting it in the oven and tough 16 on each side doesn't matter you can make you can bake and you can flip them around you know oh my cell phone go back to your station oh gosh okay 30 30 seconds to make a dish okay wait a minute wait a min I have an idea - where are your seconds I think an autumn animation I think I know I'm gonna make and what is this abomination to be frank that sounds absolutely dreadful but the chef here is trying to say is don't knock it before you try it expected disgusting this dish is simply the bomb addiction you know I think it would have been better with some poultry and what is this repulsive mess what you have here is broiled steak with Brussels sprouts coconut curry chickpeas served with a blue cheese sauce there's also toast on the side oh my god Jim its dishes this is disgusting this toast is absolutely but how could you screw up such a simple dish get out of my kitchen is this cheese good flank eats up get out you're lost dirt it's you the one that thinks he's a chef what have you presented me it's beef wellington with a twist right well unless it's my beef wellington then it's not oh my god do you like it this is amazing haha cool most people enjoy it I must know the secret to this dish it's my great grandfather be bar skies secret recipe it's been in my family for generations this blows my addition out of the war please come work for me in my restaurant I met you head chef I'll do anything oh wow Gordon I would but uh I kind of just do this for fun I appreciate it though you you're turning to your foot down yeah the class is over now so I think I'm gonna go wait sky please the rest of these guys please so sky what was the recipe I think popper fish you you 
so are we just gonna like stare at this for like an hour are we gonna go in but of course that we're going in yeah I don't know this all seems dangerous to me I mean it's a hallway is the and you're the one figured out how to opening up the door maybe we should go blindly diving into caves that we found on island called dead man's Cove that sounds like a good way to get yourself killed Jen think about it like him all the way here didn't think about it like this we've survived a wreck we've survived rival pirates and you think you think this is gonna stop us with all due respect I respect your decision and everything I'm I'm going in I just yeah I got that I've got that fire in me that sense of adventure I wanna go I want to go I'm following sky I'm with them it come on Jen no this is ridiculous we don't even know what's in there Jen come on are you gonna leave us behind we need you man all right fine Barney we've been walking here for hours man come on no more whining okay I'm not whining I'm just I've just gone through so much of my food I didn't think we'd be sitting here like I feel like a pig now I don't know we're gonna be rationing this maybe we gotta be somewhere close by now really sick of this story why didn't you say something sooner I just seen it - come on perfect final I know out of here I was getting really uneasy with all this darkness on your toga everyone has their blade out yes of course Wow yeah Mon we're not stupid good what is this oh my god what what combated you gotta see this what Wow wait what was that all about about no treasures I mean come on if there's gonna be treasure it's gonna be in somewhere like this haha awesome like this looks like a dungeon not exactly a treasure room so what do you think what do you usually find treasure dungeons right yeah also normally find traps and death now what are you waiting for let's go let's move okay we could have ended up like that skeleton yeah you could have been bumped like that sky watch your foot I'm sorry man I didn't I wasn't thinking that was stupid of me that was I'm done now is not the time to not thinking I hope this treasure here certainly doesn't want us getting ready relaxing okay relaxing what laxing what what is relax relax with this what are those are those rising back at us it's just the eyes okay Sonia why are you so nonchalant about this there's so many using everything Oh are they all I want to know is are they gonna do something are they gonna move they did something yet no let's go Don come this it's just the eyes they just look you nothing more are these a thing like okay yes you're see is a real yes that's a real is this like some kind of some kind of magic come on let's not I don't like this let's just keep moving whatever this is I don't want to be anywhere near it can't it happen Oh took an arrow what happened okay I'm like I'm like full I dodged it but there's a wires here dawn watch watch dog good one okay Keith come on come on Ross so we're really hard to jump come on Rox legs you can have my porkchop if you make it over oh you're saying good job okay we just we keep moving or what is that we keep moving here what is this is it what is that thing there's traps everywhere and what is this thing God what would leave a skeleton that big it's just dilatant come on holding it together just it's just it's just that it's just this it's just that it's just no I've never seen anything like this what is this huge just because that you never see this before it doesn't make you the terrible crazy ting come on you know all these things you don't tell us crazy Barney have you seen things like this before I see little days like this before just little little ting but not now I didn't see a lot of it but yeah I see this something's like this before not crazy I'm so confused okay I see this something's like come on is that that same skeleton that we just saw him white we're going in circles wait a minute what doc what is this yeah this is the same exact place this is the same exact skeleton I I look my copies we're not going into this is the same thing no it's going on there's a wall there there's no way it's different thing what I think I think we should go back I think we should move back this is too dangerous I'm not getting on easy okay the wall is gone why is there a wall we just on here okay okay okay everyone holding it together there's only one way to go and that's it the treasure only has to come that's what it is the treasure is telling us come on get me how do you show this sorry about this morning telling is that that's not a saying haha it kind of is a rush I'm gonna be honest getting crushed by walls I would be lying if I if I wasn't if I wasn't scared but this is this is kind of really skeletons this has got to lead to something great that's the same skeleton we're here again where this is the same hallway - is that what you say one you say one was upstairs this different one this is the same one yeah to prevent us from going in circles and loops how about we just set torches to mark our path this should stop us from wandering around in circles what's that noise look out hey hi why couldn't let you get hit sir and I'm not one of you why would you risk your life before for someone who ain't a pirate truthfully sir I never fancied myself as much of a pirate either that's not a good sign we never tried to be bad people sir it's just a hard world and it makes hard folk all my life I've only known pirates to be selfish to steal and kill without remorse some of us do but this is the only life I could have ever lived that wasn't any good at honest work but why pirating I have family family that needs to live family that I failed I don't like the sound of that we need to move right come on we're kidding you out of here no just get out this is where my journey ends whatever you do figure it out quick this cabins gonna last much longer just promise me you'll make you out of here for us both captain Jin I am NOT captain anymore not of a ship but I've seen the look in the eyes of our men they may not like you but they respect you you've all got something the rest of us don't and we follow you for it even to our deaths don't waste no there's farther and farther look okay guys I know that it seems like there's no hope but maybe there's something on the rollers why are you so optimistic why did you bring us here why was this our first treasure I was there's something magic or some crazy treasures here there's got to be there's got to be a trapdoor so there's no treasure that's worth this there's got to be a trapdoor or something come on yeah this is your fault hey why did you have to bring us here I was with you on this and then we lost someone this earlier are you dead man's toe what happened you treasonous filth you killed him the idiots healthy and on his long we already lost someone today and you you guys okay I'm down here you killed one of my men how many more need to die in a ridiculous journey even though way out it's gone walls are just coming from the ether trapping us in this lunacy can they not hear me fine I'll cut you down here too many people have lost their lives for your insanity that's just how big journey eat maybe you're don't realizing this from atop your fancy captain's chair but when the real words needs to get done it's getting dangerous you're the danger Hugh Menace I'll take your head and make sure nobody ever gets hurt again uh what's that is that a sky show gotta get up here wow that is Sky's shoe is he throwing them up at us then maybe we should go down there and check it out for ourselves you're gonna jump into that sky is Eli you saw it he's down there trying to get our attention Morty there's no way we know that thing is safe you can't just jump in sure like hey I'll show you Barney don't raise your extensive adventures you 
okay the lire is that guy Barney mm-hmm you're gonna guess - you gotta focus Barney this is gonna be really hard alright hey guys saw him with that guy Barney Jim Bob gaming and whoa caveman films never mind I guess we're not with caveman films you dead now welcome back guys to two truths and a lie and concept of this game is pretty simple first person three points wins in order to get a point you have to guess which of the three things that they say is a lie so they'll say it two truths and they'll say one lie and if you pick the lie out of the three things they say then you get a point but before this video starts I want to say as always thank you so much for all the sports you guys have been showing this channel you guys are amazing you should feel amazing and if you guys want to support the channel some more you can go ahead and slap that like button and comment down below your own conceits in a lie so play truth two truths and a lie in the comments below that'd be fun to watch please get soup I feel like I just made a mistake used to be alive but anyway with that being said let's start the first start the first round please the shat what is this Windows 10 the guesser is Jim Bob the liar is caveman for those are all you need to know about me actually so let me whip out dumb deaf dumb some deaf dumb dumb dumb dumb oh this was good this was pretty hard number one I'm originally from North Carolina number two I moved when I was young number three I like couldn't well the puddings a lie I think I'm not gonna move when I was young and I'm originally from North Carolina I don't think you like pudding now I'm not originally from North Carolina I'm from Florida and the Florida baby everybody likes pudding we're gonna have that one guy in the comments like all right next is that guy Barney that's the opposite of what you wanted the liar is skydoesminecraft all right gin refused to hug me I've partied with caveman films and I've lost the tooth bailing on Haley's conclusion see a party oh come on no no I never lost the tooth yeah you're right Jin's never hugged you once no he's hugged me before but he refused to hug me today and I was very sad about that I did nothing wrong Jen I just beat you all right who's next let's go I wanna lie the guests are rich in the lyre is that guy Barney okay I either breakfast the most days dinosaurs were the real thing and I have a champions blood in my veins I feel like you don't actually eat breakfast every day bong bong everybody knows that Barney you come here every day with the sandwich you don't come here with breakfast he doesn't have the delicious taste of Koko Krunch it's cocoa thing it is now sponsor me whoever makes Koko Krunch itself is the off-road version of cocoa pebbles like I'll get like contacted by like some really off-brand supermarket that's only in like one state and be like oh you like our cereal it's gotta be like the weirdest thing ever where you just you just wake up one day there's this huge thing of just coco crunch outside of your door and like you never gave them your address all right Dan how much do you know about me I know pretty decent amount oh this one's a hard one I was a boy scout i main roy on super smash bros and i'm a starting some fires here it's because literally when you start winning they go why am i the liars three times in a row i'm going to run out of blocks right Barney here we go I've known caveman longer than five years I knew ghin longer than caveman and I've known Barney longer than Jin I wanted to give this oh my god Barney's gonna win it was only two days later he put into 2 through 10 in one light and I guess wrong alright next all right Gesser Oh Dan how much do I know about you Dan let's go let's see I started doing YouTube because of runescape that's true okay brewski I finally got 99s in every skill and I it's been way too much time on the computer I should probably not but I don't all right so yeah ii was like no nobody gets 99 but ya know I get a point did you I gave you the third book I wanted you to have it I want to get everyone up to like point so we can all beat Barney let's all be Barney you know Ross I'm getting tired of your crap I'm tired of this random number generator just keeps giving me the same thing wait am I like everyone accidentally like got to the wrong space and so they were trying to answer like I don't know which was the lie all right all right right give me a question Barney come on I have three younger siblings and I dislikes the coca-cola sawdust you don't have three younger siblings you have two yes you got me last time when that sibling crap not this time bro I'm actually doing good this time I'm doing good this time guys I'm so stoked let's just exclude Dan from everything points now poor dead construction lame random.org Jen you're probably not gonna get this one actually probably are you know me really we'll all right all right I can juggle more than two balls yeah I can skateboard and I used to do BMX I feel like he used to do BMX I don't know if you can skateboard or not no I've tried I'm just really bad at it okay this is very difficult for you I know can I get in this I'm blind I used to make short films of high school and I've never been to karaoke before balcony your parents never loved you what was the balcony before I used to make short films in high school I've never been to karaoke before you've never karaoke I have never made saying that he never made shorts and we used you like almost broke your spine when you jumped off the balcony right no I heard there's a difference same thing so yeah almost like a first the doctor was like what were you thinking I was like so what led to you wanting to jump off the balcony that'd be cool a bad word and we're throwing him with so many questions that are just absolutely crazy hop hop Dan guess one of my things now things are changing get out of here News get out of here ready all right you got to know this one you're gonna know this one oh wait a minute no this is the one that I was gonna throw a loop for you on I've been doing YouTube for six years the first minecrafter I ever watched was X and the first online game I played was runescape you played another game besides runescape I got it everybody's played Neopets everybody's played Neopets no I played Wow after after runescape okay the liar is that guy Barney - you got a focus Barney this is gonna be really hard oh do I get a guess all right let's do this oh I always mess up on Barney's ones cuz I always overthink them oh did you know that Barney smells like no he smells like cotton candy I was about to say my favorite ice cream is the Rockies Road I had I've had the michaelis before I have just microwaved the cheese and aided you were hungry nobody likes rocky road dude it's like starving to death it's like starving rest in peace Jen's Neopets but anyway guys that was uh that was true - truce - no and if you guys liked this commentary you need to channel click that like and the subscribe button thank you guys so much for watching also make sure to go check out Dan's channel in the description below and these are the two losers I guess Barney he's my friend you know I'm coming in I'm coming in - hug - there we go thank you so much for watching I'm sky and I will see you later recruits you 
always so much faster than me though oh well you're getting better you're only in a 1 week how much improvement that you made it's amazing though I feel like if I didn't make any kinds of improvement in a week then uh I don't know why I'd be here honestly really it is right you know I thought maybe your pirate already okay but sky on the real note I having to tell you something okay okay so I said our course for a place called dead man's Cove and we're going for a treasure called the I of Clara Todd what dead man dead man's Cove why is it a dead man's Cove so there's the treasure I have Clara taught there and every time someone has tried to go and find it they have never come back so why are we going home we are going because it is the great adventure they treasure that know all the pirate is knowing of this but they don't know what it is so you telling me thousands of pirates know what this is they go there and they they don't come back well only the great pirate has the courage to actually going there so Hawaii have people have have people successfully done this before are we gonna are we gonna try and be the first we're going to be the first okay but here listen you're my first hand man okay I'm telling I'm here for you okay and I need you to convince the gin and rod because if you can tell them you're on board I know they will come you know we need to be honest I would go I would go to any island just to stretch my legs right now all right I when I agreed to be your right-hand man I agreed to be your right-hand man so okay you're up to this yeah I mean I actually kind of sounds exciting if you think about it yes okay so here one thing real quick this is a pirate clothes for the gin and rot kind of like the the clothes that you gave me exactly like that okay so what's going now and you give them that and you convince them hey we're going here it will be a good we can't do it hey guys how you feelin Ross he seems to be doing better than he was last which is good thank God so uh where we're headed to a place called dead man's Cove I take this and you can take this so this is uh this is pirate oh sorry here this is pirate clothes that uh that Barney wants you guys to wear no no no this is out of the question dead man's cold what what is this place it sounds like a death trap no the gin it's it's okay dude sky has been making a great improvement with his Sabre you're already a good you know how things go together we can go here and get to this treasure that I wonder thank you my man to a place labeled dead man's Cove how many more people have to get injured or killed before your silly fantasies are satisfied it sounds exciting it sounds exciting it's dangerous it's a legendary treasure and we can be the first ones to grab it no this is silly this is silly I won't have any part of this does it the adventure spirit does it aren't you a sight for this no this is I'm sending my men to death these are all that I have left but I know I'm not gonna die me it's not sending them to death they're deciding to go on this adventure and together we can make it together we can find this treasure that no one has known before absolutely not I'm not a pirate this is ridiculous so you're just going to leave your men you're just going to leave them in not support them anyone you are not one of my men and you never will be yeah I'll go talk to him Jen Jen slow down Jin Jin listen we need you we need you this all seems ridiculous to me I I've already lost the entire ship full of men you're all I have left I can't send you on some dangerous suicide mission to a place called dead man's Cove but we're gonna go anyway why not come with us why not make sure that we're okay I really suppose there's no talking you people out of this is there unfortunately all right all right I'll go with you but only because I don't want to see anyone else get hurt thank you Thank You Jen we're here guys we're at that man's Cove good drop anchors men we're having the treasures of the plain sir could you take me along for this expedition why you're watching to come I want to help you and the crew claim his treasure sir this could be a dangerous and you could get killed I can fight sir better than most give him a shot captain I never would have been your right hand if I wasn't given a chance to prove myself fine grab a sword your weight back I missed the feeling of sand between my toes this island is massive that means we have a lot of exploring you do you shouldn't wasting our time sitting here talking let's go the treasure is away though we made it we're here it's gonna be exciting come on come on Jin tell me that you're not excited okay I can admit this island is quite beautiful like a very least it's like paradise January excite there's still this treasure you've been going on about oh I gotta stretch my legs ah oh it's anybody want a pork chop does anybody want a pork chop I got I would love one please you go what's your name anyway oh thank you very much oh I'm uh I'm Keith Keith nice to meet you chief whatever what happened to your eye uh if you don't mind me asking it's a very very long story has you another looking like a dead man's cub what Oh looks like a wakeboard is blocked on Beverly looks like a pretty lively island for for dead man's Cove just go across the river can I can I jump this way I'm gonna do it funds funds over Ross are you okay yeah a little bit no harm done do you want an op this has gone from fun to Nam a little bit uneasy well they don't call a dead man's boat for nothing this is dangerous everyone stay on your guard finding out where to go wow this maybe you noticed do you think maybe there's like locals on the island that might have been the cause of this guy's death the Moores most likely other pirates this folk never get along didn't keep yeah take your look around yes sir did you why you're not your hate the pirate so much my entire career fighting scum like pirates that's hard - am I the only one who fails that Keith guy is kind of a bit of a stiff well it seems to take orders pretty well we can at least trust him I hope yeah what it is Keith I see a bridge a bridge okay great Bridge where are you right over this way follow me please a bridge okay okay that means someone's definitely been here before that means that people have have lived here the people of I'll probably not lived here but I don't know their way to make a bridge maybe sky keep your eye out on Keith I don't know I the Chili's all captain he can't be happy about that pirates only follow money not men maybe all right so I mean here's the bridge guys love your sense of humor us guys pay attention I'm sorry it was really funny all right we should be excited to be here we should be having fun come on okay everyone pan out we need to find out where this is what are we looking for if this I think I found something oh well there's a dead body Mitchell riddle why are we next to it maybe he was trying to solve it okay that means all right what did what it said Jin does leaders of the world of men pious and born of sin shall speak their title to the den to claim the bounty that hides within huh how come you didn't put on your pirate clothes because I am NOT a pirate and I never will be your sobbing you'll change your mind you'll see when we see this treasure ah I'm sorry for his disrespect captain party leaders of the world of men pious and bored of sin wait a minute our title to the den I think I have the answer it's us I mean leaders of men only men can lead men and only men are capable of both good and evil the answer is men holy crap how did you know that ha ha ha ha you're a genius with this pirate like Laura good job lucky guests I suppose so what about you now you 
so have you seen the new episode of Dragon Ball super I'm waiting three English dubs first actually because dude it's so cool makes the whole food alright in class thank you so now I am your substitute teacher mr. barbarian let's all just let's all just go down the room and say our names so we get to know each other okay I'm I why would you do that why would you be destructive to things why are you blowing things accident Barney Ross I still don't know what you're talking about I haven't done anything to you your listen Barney excuse me let's not yell in the classroom I'm sky a nice I am sky I'm sky high sky nice to meet you and you are team buck me that Wow very nice to meet you all I'm your substitute teacher and today what we're gonna be meeting me okay fine teacher I sit here look Barney I'm sorry Barney Barney is your name I just yeah Barney okay well very nice to meet you Barney welcome to the English class I just want to be your friend Barney I just want to be your friend I have never done anything to you okay that's a little bit dramatic Barney let's sit down and let's all just focus on on English that's what we're here to learn right I already know how to speak English I think we're gonna learn how to do it okay bed tour bedtime looks good I think I English pretty good I can do a b c d e f g what's the wine nice what is this one what's that one right there it looks like a 5 that's a P haha I made him say P okay settle down class let's go ahead and I'm gonna pass out your notebooks these your notebooks for the class don't lose them if you've ever lost you're going to be I lost mine oh no I only have one yeah yeah yeah no no yeah no no trying to get away from my book Barney what is your book give me my book give me my book come on Barney give sky back his book no I only having my book I feel like he's lying teacher I feel like Barney empty your pockets empty your pockets yeah what I thought that's like how many notebooks did you take Barney but I do have so no boats come on class let me go to the library now we're gonna focus on writing in English come on let's go line later sky let's go down to the line be the caboose no I have one with me why don't you stop saying mean things to me now okay what why do you hate me so much you're almost human no one leave me Oh Barney you the chill man the past couple days you've been freaking me out yeah it's been yeah I haven't even been here and it's week always convenient you're the teacher I I've never been the teacher I do aspire to how but I mr. Rogers please do not jump down the stairs okay mom so this is the media center has anyone been here before I actually know nothing about media hence the reason I'm standing on this table NRG and Archie the table we don't jump on the tables in the media center we use them too right now I am go through everybody still have their notebooks from earlier I know I do I need replacement okay Barney last notebook do not lose this okay okay I can still pass the class if I I lost it just take mine take yeah yeah now I have three Matt class cool he was awesome though was he awesome was he cool he was alright he had a cool smile I'm screaming outside voice in the library they use on inside whisper voice now tall with your whisper voice I eat you hey now that's not very nice but Barney I hate the art of story writing now guys you are going to be fantastic writers one day I'm sure of it now it just takes a little bit of I like to tighten I like to talk and leet-speak y-7 broke one three three seven bro 137 three three seven eight a story now there are three critical part of a story guys their thing I have three months okay sorry so baby hey my favorite leaf are you passing your class Ross no I don't pass notes in class don't pass your class it's blank you just threw a book at me well don't book sat gin that's not doing it one three three seven eight zero zero eight I think this is a pretty rural what do you think what do you think I think that's a pretty original one I don't know what this means I'm sorry this is the beginning stages of a story I'm sorry it's what I like you and that's what I touched your button I touched the button on your shirt touch me I'm sorry I'm a teacher okay hey sorry stop punching me please stop we do not fight in the media center now it's very important that you understand ah Barney and Skye that is enough I'm sorry go to the table to the corner a guy go to your corner I know fine like a boxing match no I don't want no not like a boxing match Ross go to your corner sky out to ten no Barney what do you understand what you did wrong I do nothing wrong he's the bad one we use our inside voices and we solve our problems with words not now come back to the table we're gonna learn how to write boss dude now the motion is also like a total we D I'm sorry am i interrupting you guys know like you said get off the table I'm the teacher I'm allowed to be on the table fine teach me things teacher now the three most important parts of writing a story because anyone guess what they are can anyone guess what the first one is a little tap with the landed middle paw patrol letter yes but it's emotions no not that either - it's not spaces although those are all very important lines story the most important part is the beginning the beginning is what hooks your reader and gets them interested in what you have to say now what I want all of you guys to do is focus on writing a very interesting beginning to your stories something that's going to hook people and make them interested next year of the middle which is where all the fun stuff happens in your story and then the story we're not we're not reading we're not reading Michael ba ah it's raining we're not gonna we're not reading Michael Bay stories okay Ross so let me get this straight we need to have it we need to have a hook right like something that hooks people in right exactly okay so can I just write a story about fishing if there was something very very interesting that happened to the why is there so much Thunder it's frightening me I hate it plunder is not something to be afraid of we can learn about that in science class now to do is I want you all to write your own stories the stories have to be ten pages long and they're due at the end of class oh what a vending machine food there is what sky I think I'm the cause of this Thunder I'm pretty sure I'm pretty sure I think I'm a thunder God does kind of ominous that's a very nice thought you have now the person under God worried will get their very own gold star the day no no but thank you for the Apple now I'll be at the staff lounge I'll be back in 30 minutes you have to have your story written by then I will see you after class but if I don't get that if I don't get that star I'm gonna use my Thunder powers on you I'm just saying I'm just saying this Dragon Ball Z supers gonna be so cool I I got I know I said ten but that's okay we can give partial credit all right this guy read your story first please all right for this one a baby story talked long ago in a distant land I aku the shape-shifting master of Darkness unleashed an unspeakable evil but a foolish samurai warrior we a magic sword stepped forth to oppose him before the final blow was struck I couch or portal in time and flung him into the future where aku's evil is law now the fool seeks to return to the past and undo the future that is aku back to the past back to the past say how about Jack what's ah back to the past back to the past same right Jack good I kind of like this you turn into a cartoon yeah but very good beginning and the middle was very very exciting yeah so yeah good job that's a good girl I'm gonna go put this later I'm gonna go I'm gonna go publish this know everybody else's stories okay why okay why JimBob would you like to go next okay mm-hmm I looked them in the eye and tightened my fists ready to engage him in combat my brow furrowed and the air grew heavy as we took step after step toward each other the anger welled up in my chest and I rushed in towards my opponent I can feel the tension back the blows shook him to his core his body shook with anger and bloodlust he looked back to me and brought his legs that far devastating kick to the head but it was swiftly dodged he moved to counter the pain slowed his movements and he stumbled back lacking the strength to stand he crumpled to his knees and fell to the ground he remained motionless asked and his body it seemed to be over my adversaries face and he stumbled back none will escape none will survive I will slave that was a very good story about what was it about oh it's about a man who will kill all ninjas because then just killed his family but he's a ninja himself Wow so he's kind of like a slayer of ninjas yeah samurai Slayer yeah yeah I like all right okay Ross would you like to read your story next my mine is called tales of Ross there's a nice super cool Ross Scott in his giant robot and began to battle the enemies who had defeated his younger brother Thunder click look at him and your brother are dead he'll always live on in heart Ross drew is flaming katana and began to fight with the power of 20 jars the fight is really really cool you're Ross yelled as he made the final finale strike John and a darn fell to the ground thunder click we'll never die as long as his statement the ground began to rumble a giant goat shaped Mac appeared holding a small chicken in his hand no wild bong beat bong Oh Parbat booting up let go of my brother yelled Ross the mecha let out a bunch of steam to be continued wow wow that was intense that was a very good story Ross old star for you as well yay that was Barney let's go on to your story that was dope he has got Mac in there I mean it was a very very good story Ross where did you learn to write like that I just I eat a lot of glue that's nice that does prove it I mean there's scientists have proven that you know if you eat glue then you become great at writing I don't think that's actually true I'm lying no it's not no I used to read the bottles and that's where I learned how to write oh okay Barney show me your book Oh show me your book fine you guys are gonna be surprised I actually wrote okay in to start walk the runner had a leg cramp so that they don't running the whole race yeah actual they don't race him the two racer in a pen with the guy that should gone to start race with the new friend eraser and guy with gone went to the game stores the guy with gone forgetting to pay and gets arrested the two racer has one less friend now so that both racer is said still though they want hey hey deal though they want to having the game so they looking in the game stores they found the games called the Jumanji so much a four-game and running home to play boat racer deciding to they had pocket but the hot pocket saw hot it's burning the mouth I'm so confused I'm soaking feeling John G or not I'm sorry story I'm sure are they playing Jumanji though okay so mad burn mouth but they still wanting to play the new games Jumanji Jumanji is lie and kill both races this story was reading by the great Barney with the help of this spelling check was another original story that was just absolutely fantastic the whole start for you also got a nice treat we did so good you know what teacher you're not half bad yeah you didn't try to killing us setting us on fire or exploded us I feel like I might have actually learned something today you were nice to me it's nice when people are nice to me well class I'm here to teach and I'm glad you're all enjoying education so much I'm having a lot of fun teaching you too you're the best teacher we've ever had I can't wait for the next class okay children I got my life back together thanks to the help of several therapists and I'm back to UM why is he here he is the teacher children that's our schools janitor Oh class dismissed okay children go home and play Minecraft you 
hey guys Scott here and I'm with uh I'm with Jim Bob you know what if you're gonna if you just hit me like that I'm not gonna even the drive-by all right we're done yep thanks for watching guys welcome back to two five nights at Freddy's hide and seek and before this video starts guys as always I want to say thank you so much for all the support you guys been showing in my channel and in this series and pretty much everything that I do you guys are awesome and Jess I want to say thank you to you as well and letting us play this game because it's freaking awesome yeah guys also make sure to go check out her channel in the description below because she also posted a version of five nights at Freddy's time Zeke which is if you guys want more five nights at Freddy's hide and seek make sure to comment down below haystack do you want more five times ink it's gotta be exactly like that we're going right in all right I'm a hugger oh I have this torch because I wouldn't be able see anything Barney always use your head just kind of showing there just and front end I don't know where to go Jesse's gonna catch me the exact same place that I was last time legend couldn't find me here's a hint it's inside gin why would you do that Oh No he gave my location anyway and I not know what to do now finds you all I am frightened I'm not actually frightened what got him squeaky noise on the mic so welcome back to four minutes of what was it speaking at him no it was the is the mic stand you know how excretes whatever you know why don't you just slather it and oil them in butter every so often why just have some guy randomly walk into my office and just slap a piece of toast on my mic stand just oh by the way guys if my voice sounds a little hoarse I still I still I stale bread no I still am a little bit sick so uh I like sitting inaudible Ross really Ross you didn't say anything sitting can be quite boring I thought I'd give you a chance to walk around thanks man what a nice guy you have a sign on your back it's Ross it's a sign can someone someone who's like ready to just kill lost control of everything I'm so glad mater my webcam doesn't pick up too much stuff the amount of times that I just spit everywhere while I talk is ridiculous like right now no cuz like there was this one time that I was like I was eating pizza cuz I'm fat I bit into a slice and for some reason there was something harden just chipped my tooth but it was yeah I found out that it actually was a human finger I know I mean oh yeah I am I am I am kidding it was it was finger pizza but still that pumpkin spice latte hey we're going in strong oh girl let me take you over to Starbucks we get some okay all right well you guys ever check the office I was gonna hide the dress oh that's how it feels to find someone as the time to run oh this is it I'm the seeker this is my moment to shine guys I feel like we're slowly losing our minds if you see my channel from the beginning to like now I feel like I'm I've really just kind of lost it which is good hey guys guy here give me a little my crap and now all right Ross is bad welcome back Ross I missed you Oh guys my viewers you need to try this because they were son Barney all the time and it just kicks them off super hard all you have to do is like say something to someone and make it sound like a question so uh it's gotta be like this so Barney I was going to the store yeah you have to say something that has the option of going forward or it can it doesn't have the option of go where are you people I cannot find you I just got Barney I think you really should just age I'm hiding in a place yeah how do you open it I can see you I can see your arm how do you open it I can't believe I should do now that you told everyone about that whole thing you do or yes everything like a question yeah you got me I don't even know anymore man we've reached territory you don't want to reach where everything is a question he's right there I was just up there before Barney there's a way to get up there no come on I'm pretty much a dopey lighter you guys look for Jess I'll go take that Ross no don't look for me looks for you Ross is like an innocent creature that I just go after come on ruff we're gonna do this right come on yes stirred up the heck I keep glitching and then I don't freaking make the jump this is this is crap he's a Luke hang to your Johnny Cage oh my god someone that actually knows more combat Lord I hate my life I hate my life I hate my life I hate my life scorpion to my sub-zero I know exactly where you were Ross I just couldn't get up because I kept glitching me good job yes the jump the jump up the ladder no we're out lights yeah he was up there never find me here that's one if I catch on fire she won't be able to kill us minecraft okay they call me butter champion four seven seven something that would sound simple and people would be able to memorize but now really cool I just did minecraft guy 2 1 2 XX they call me fart knocker 77 oh my god never gave me a name wow that guy's had they called you that guy for like a good portion of the beginning of your life and then you eventually just put Barney good evening ma'am we have a birth certificate for your baby boy that guy yeah welcome so we're both gonna chill out here how do you do that point just uh just I just need to inform you about one thing in particular so on let me tell you the pros and cons of hitting stop if you hit me I'll scream and nobody wants that I need to be the last one you won't scream if I do it slow oh yeah I still will so you up there again we should eat pancakes then you know how you always do that thing where like after jokes not funny and so terribly bad you say pimp them cut that out yes what if you just sporadically throughout the episode your system can cut that out where are you guys - I'm with Dinah right now I like it whenever I start like focusing on something I all of a sudden just go completely silent and get really Stern face they call me the feet monster because I tickle people's feet will they eat what this Terry what what does that even mean that's my hint for where I am we got to find their brows their office is the last one around and we know know we know I see the name write your name just walked by just walk by again that's okay it's getting farther it's getting farther okay good good over we're done high really high you come right I was under that table why did you win again you keep winning it's just rigged is this rigged yes what anyway guys I that was five nights at Freddy's hide and seek if you guys like this commentary new to channel click that like and a subscribe button please hit that subscribe button please just just subscribe already come on man it'll give it a little slap on the cheek but not too hard but anyway guys we'll see you guys later make sure to check her pajamas on this report description below we'll see you guys later I love you bye you 
ah University Rock what are you doing yeah but dude I've told you this before personal space man personal space neck that plug you yeah you're pretty close to me but anyway University guys we're going to frickin university hey think about it this way though we've gone through so much and now we're finally here in the same university together like you hated me before yeah how did all of us get here but yeah guys we should probably head to class is anybody know which class we have first oh man that reminds me of high school dude weeks ago but think about it guys Jen come back here think about it we've we've literally gone so far in the past couple couple years there's been crazy think about it we all we all move in together now we all live together we're all going to the same University on the weekdays we all do shenanigans on the weekends I know it's crazy it's super awesome but yeah okay so art class does anybody know when that starts I hope the teachers here aren't jerks like the last teacher you remember the remember the principal the last school yeah I was a jerk I know it was he was such a jerk I wonder what he's doing now yeah for real hopefully though every day yeah hopefully the principal nowadays won't be uh won't be a jerk but we should probably oh we're running late we should probably hurry guys come on come on come on we're late we're late late okay room 202 - OH - I think it's upstairs I'm sure it's - or - yes that's definitely not it Thank You Howard get lost on the first days we're gonna be late how late that what honey what the heck hi wait we're sorry sorry we're late I'm so sorry sir look take your seats we're about to get started wait a minute wait Jimmy's welcome to art 101 Vincent van Gogh yeah it's me dead what Hey not talking class nothing I know talking and cut you're talking right now no talking in class okay sorry sorry welcome to art 101 I'm a teacher Vincent van Gogh now today we'll be learning how to paint that is the first thing on the schedule and let's see uh can I have your names I'm sky I'm Barney what why do we never get another one will teach low high no I didn't say I think so so what what are we what are we painting today Oh we'll be painting something but it's it's not that it's not amazing it's the fact that what you will be painting is going to be amazing do you understand what I'm saying sky so wait a minute are you basically wait I'm confused maybe he just maybe he just wants us to paint like what we feel what's on our mind man I'm gonna it's gonna be so colorful whatever I'm gonna make it's gonna be awesome this is only blue all you need blufor art uh okay okay okay all right you see the real team so does that mean we should start painting then you should start painting whatever you feel like yes start painting art in blue wait but okay let's just I guess we'll figure it out have you finished the paintings uh yes yeah yeah well you ran in the middle of quiet no talking close okay so hmm what who made this one this is my paintings here please please describe it well they went for on the edge is that meant for this should you let her look so that I feel like you're aggressive blue in the edge and then I go and bang bang across the Middle's the bong bong across the Middle's and then I ended up with a chick a lot in these Sanders like that what this this is art I can't even not his eyes real what the heck is happening brilliant oh this is mine I see I call it starry night and I use uh I I did what do you call it trees and and blue things why did you not use the color blue but what are you talking about this boy it's blue oh this this one's mine I drew my favorite thing in the world shake the heck Rock how you drew a black line there we only hit it blue you have no clue how much blue I had to use you made this high did you you made this yeah I made this this this is art are you serious no this this is art this is art just take it just take it what the heck does not did he just steal your art and sign it what did you sign my art there's no I'm going to show you Gus so with it what did what did you make you took my painting did you not do the assignment I gave a blue why did you not use the color blue is it for crazy hey I used what you gave me and you took my painting I gave you the color blue why did you not use the color blue wait a minute it's almost like you okay right why do you normal gee teacher hello what nothing nothing where's wait nobody understands art well I made the great arts you do I see yeah I gave you the color blue with all due respect me with all due respect djinns is amazing because this is amazing look at this you see this I want my chicken back hey I don't see anything I did any of you even do the assignments I gave you yes yes we did it with our on the wall and then he took him in then you signed a thing and then now Ruslan you have a saving anymore my chicken guy oh no we did not do the assignments mr. van Gogh we are very sorry hey how come they didn't make any paintings hey we did we did this how can we just do a different assignment maybe I'll give you guys what we only had one chance ridiculous one more chance because if you don't do the assignments okay fine fine whatever take your kids fail or class take your seats okay the seats have been taken what the seats have been taken clay sculpture wait because art oak you understand okay yeah oh don't steal artwork what about the what about the rest of the class do they have to make any my paintings or clay sculptures or whatever the heck you want us to do anymore what about them yeah they just sit there and just look up the works are so hot anyway you're going to meet you guys in next culture okay all right guys van Gogh said that we needed to make what was in our inner self into a sculpture we can't let this guy down yeah I mean yeah in herself we can't live this guy down because if we want to be famous artist we got to do what this guy says he's obviously a famous artist freaking van Gogh you know yes yes we did show me the odds the blue weight blue you handed us a bunch of colors okay okay um Jim do you wanna you wanna go first yeah let me just uh so what's in me myself is a heart so I it's a heart I told you to make a sculpture it's a sculpture of a heart but that's what's in me let me show you how it's done that's okay Jim Jim let me show you how it's done so I made butter because I am body do you even know yes be question that your brother this how did you make this dirt don't you make dirt out of clay what how could you even do them citing it again did you even do the assignment he just pocketed your thing again you're just gonna watch this you're just gonna look at this you fine yes okay I built my favorite thing in the world Wow really Ross yeah really isn't it cute is it oh gosh we'll never be famous artists hate us are we gonna fail you're acting like were the worst students you never had or something he's mumbling to himself what the heck I I don't think that he okay what are you okay you're acting like we're the worst students you've ever had or something we're students you've had you're not even a sculptor I am a sculptor all of my major works are sculptures no you're a post-impressionist painter all of your work was from the late 1800s you painted over like 2,000 paintings nobody even had time to sculpt anything how do you know this you've been spying on me haven't you trying to steal my artistic secrets no there's literally history books written about your influence on the art world wait he's from the 1800s how old are you 37 more like a hind reads in 37 are you sure you're an artist you uncultured little child you think just because I'm missing an ear I don't know art don't speak to me like that I'm a creations grab than you could ever understand I sculpture this chicken inspired statue and check it out eh huh it's pretty good I wish I could make something like that I'll show you I'll build a grab this sculpture of all time I'm gonna sculpture to find the wild is anyone else bothered by the fact that we never get any normal teachers hey okay so I thinking that I don't wanting to be the art majors anymore yeah I don't really get all this art stuff what are you doing I just bought this really Ross and chicken statue off of ebay anyway guys that was minecraft University episode 1 if you guys like this role play and you new to the channel click that like and a subscribe button the next episode will be coming out on Friday the 28th so I'm pretty excited for that so I hope you guys are as well there's gonna be some pretty pretty exciting adventures with a Einstein but um yeah guys I hope you are as excited for the series as I am once again guys as always thank you so much for all the support you guys have been showing this channel and these these role plays we've been working really really hard to crank them out for you and it makes me happy to know that you guys are liking them but yeah Friday the 28th not tomorrow but the next Friday so I'll see you guys there you 
I'm gonna get you any guys Lumberjacks here and I'm with Ross and today we are uh we're playing limbo it's an adventure map guys as what we're not no we're not no do you think I'm flexible at all what are you doing stop that anyway guys before this video starts guys as always I want to say thank you so much for all the support you guys show my channel pretty much everything that I do I'm Maria the story did you click multiplayer yeah I did are you sure yes I'm gonna read the prologue you wouldn't like a really majestic voice yeah alright you wake up in a dream place oh wait that I messed up right at the beginning you wake up in a weird place like a dream you have a feeling that everything is real you don't have any memories you can't speak anymore you're alone hey Ross you can't wake up what you're not sleeping you're sure it's not a dream all right there goes the beginning star bonus turn in chess stars you're 11 in total and the first will be given at the beginning if you have them also in your inventory you unlock weapon and armor inventory is that what it actually said ivory tower if you have them all in the ivory tower you unlock weapon and armor cheated I know but do you think it means if it says you will unlock weapon and armor cheated all right this is gonna be there are two events in the matrix for in the mind oh holy the Drake oh dude Ross they're just misspelling words I think it was inventory not ivory tower because it says difficulty you know I think this maps in Spanish oh my god is gonna be great haha alright let's do this do this test resource pack do you see these things right here so uh I'm gonna give you one warning now you have shaders correct yeah I don't have shaders you don't know I don't have it on did you not turn them on should I turn them on did you want them let's do this my boom alright let's do it press the start oh my god limbo chapter one transfer hey uh hey Ross you oh my god listen you that's the only thing I saw I just turned over voice in your head hello dude don't be afraid I'm here to help you you should I turn shaders off why because you should see how this look okay I'll turn it right back off again oh my god what is happening don't be afraid I'm here to help you come close to the chest come on open it don't do it Ross that's right open me Adam oh there's a there's a skull it's someone's dead I'm ready and I know how to get you out of here whoa do you hear that yeah sounds epic oh my god this is crazy so you want to know what's going on and who I am I'm a research engineer and it worked on an experimental mind transfer project man I managed to link myself to your module we're linked on the same network in fact your network we're in the same place is dreaming conscious the limbo dude dude limbo yo-yo should be exciting you know the music's getting louder I know why is it getting so loud hello why is it you black out and mutinous or side effects if you transfer yo how funny would it be if there's just some guy in the corner with a boombox can you turn it down could you stop that don't get me wrong it's cool and everything but crap alright yo are we what happens we take that that can help you it's a star in a reload I don't know what that means yo the lightsaber has 12 damage there's ow my god that hurt me don't do that again that's it I managed it's like it's time is like I was like frozen let it go yo this is not gonna be easy artificial intelligence causes problems it's already a problem for me I just feel like we're being guided by shaggy I'll try to revert the flow back into your body boy that looks cool what what happening I almost say what Oh dodge dodge dodge dodge dodge dodge no I didn't dodge why are you dad yeah I died but ever see if you hit those things you respond and you fall again you're entering the matrix this is it this is it Ross I always knew that the world is just a matrix is this is this the demamp what if this is the map just overnight this is it Thank You hour was for playing two hours of dropping two hours of oh oh oh here we go there is man here don't you'll have to toast all across centers what do I can't move there is man yes I can't look straight down there's an IE M torch uh uh did I break it broke it what is happening am i falling yo this is really cool take it and place it under the big capacitor under the blue solid Rick old thing right on right on the redblock know what that's 12 to grill man each time a beam will grill and then the core will open yo do you have anything other than our lightsabers I have this redstone torch dude the music stopped as you said that you the chosen one destroy the matrix man yo shaggy I'll do it for you man we loved it in here put it Joe this music got intense put it under there okay keep your we're gonna have to fight like robots because this looks like we're on a computer chip dang it's sticky keys alright I just probably turn those off go put the torch okay sorry it's just really intense huh yeah my suppose where do I supposed to put it alright let's see take it and place it onto the big game pasture under the big blue oh that's blue oh that is the big right there obviously alright oh god run oh whoa what is happening this little yes we get 0 to 100 so quick I think we got like we're trying to like we're stopped got to find more of those blue things we're stopping the matrix we have to fight the protocol this is so intense the music's so crazy yeah I'm gonna turn it off though I can't hear I can't hear you so I'm gonna go ahead and spend the music on I mean my music is really low and that's why I got another torch yeah this is really crazy I got another capacitor down yo what do you think he won't be offended if mid mid recording I just started drinking a coffee no I think people would be offended if I just spawn in a bunch of torches yeah oh look those red lights are turning off oh my god so dad's how we know what we're supposed to be like okay so we're trying to take down whatever world this is what if this is our world then what are in Minecraft trying to take down our real life don't do that that's scary I feel like this is like a giant disco oh these things got jump what they're jumping really high at me yo they got hops dude do you think they got those moon shoes muchos muchos it just turns into like a giant advertisement for moon shoes you know there's a mini protocol running around a mini whoa hi go away why are they protocols I think you like viruses maybe or like I think we're the well I think we're the virus they're trying to stop us oh yeah I like this this is kind of cool we've gone into the computer to shut it we got it we have to go off the grid we have to get you create we initiated the declaration looking for blow things what if this is the whole map is just this little area right here oh they're basic dude this music is so intense I can't focus no I mean I'm getting really concerned with like I'm kind of bored done man another church I just imagine the voice saying the same thing every time - keep going man another torch keep going man another chord what's George really feeling it I'm really feeling it another torch one more touch oh I think I just raised to the key oh no I'm through another one I almost died I almost just hit you oh you're right here let me help I was trying to kill the zombies I mean the protocols I don't want to be the only dev and just kills me you bring up a valid point no Roz thanks man come on now we both got dead - all right let's see where's the other one where'd it go one Street that way you don't want to get too into it you might forget about another toward no we got one more I'm jumping in the crowd oh god you're so hard stop running in front of me no yo is this the last one last one we just got another George bas you're gonna be saying this like the next week now yeah we're gonna be like at lunch and I'm just like what can I get you guys to drink another toy weapon there we go I got that torch other oh yeah there's one I found it dude we're about to beat the matrix why didn't you just do this quick the core is open I'm waiting for you let's go yo yo yo just died oh my god oh my god what are these Oh Ross help I don't know what these are ah gee what's that kill them what are these skeletons y'all I'm bout to die oh I'm pretty sure those are skeleton help Rosco rasam gonna die help me rod I'm trying to get them help me kill them not me yo can we even kill these things yo I'm having a lot of trouble going that again I don't this guy was talking a lot before silk where'd you go another door yo these things are like rare dude these are oh my god these make me so angry you don't met four deaths okay I got one oh I got one okay good good good we can actually no we can actually kill them yo and we get arrows like batteries oh my god this is making me so angry oh I know come as many deaths is you I'm fine you wanna kill you don't do it wait how many yeah place this Ruby code in the console on the floor I got it Rubik's cubes back to reality Oh gravity we're still in limbo that's that's not possible see ya hey hey dony go get a flame all right let's go we wonder if I could mess your mind card oh oh oh I threw an item on the ground you'll have to be careful man stay focused on what's wait what in the limbo what what what what what what what what blood Hey but why doe but why do I'm just a poor lumberjack why would they do I'm gonna walk this with you hear that music wait do you hear that no freakin Indiana Jones it's played with like a little like sonic trumpet oh really yo I think we might have needed to actually use the minecart yo I brought a minecart with me oh well don't you feel smart but I'm done I found you you behind me no I'm scared this is just a maze yeah it's uh hey buddy hi this that's a dead end I have three stars wait are we looking for stars no no no those are just extras hidden in the map wait a minute right now if you see I managed to go all the way back four stars wait I think I found it really it's a way up tell apart baby I'm lazy I'm gonna teleport you was shoot gonna teleport me a suit yeah Oh God Hey look look open this we did it yeah let's go we know I accidentally dropped my mine card nevermind card oh hi your boy sorry sorry no we just get what I get blindness I don't know I'll see you later Ross I'll see you later you can never catch me Ross hahaha oh man oh I blind this oh this is creepy oh no no no Ross run run run run fly you from know things just got really purple and green I died don't you die so apparently you were supposed to hop off that minecart and I went right into the lava why do they keep doing it hi I don't want that chest do what I love Parker you oh I found a star water-breathing yeah I got some water breathing potions water breathing help you in this lava oh hey just a little reminder guys that the the second part of this map will be on Ross's channel exclusively so make sure to go check out his channel see a nerd why are we in a dragon oh I can't see again I feel like when the person was making this map he's like yeah let's make them go in a dragon for no reason Tom Tommy you just build a dragon what you have to do with the map I will just go inside of it I don't know I love dragons Tom he's building another dragon yeah I know he's like every single map he does that everybody's getting really annoyed with him but we don't like to what to say because like he could stop the whole entire project we water breathing potions wheeze starting to make sense we like water breathing potion yep I'll just go ahead and take this if it didn't help at all where do we go um I guess it's this park or we're gonna die oh yeah it's definitely the park or look what I saw a chess chests are not up higher on I want to collect the stars so we can open the ivory tab there's gonna be an ivory tower at the end you're gonna feel dumb come on Ross oh it's really dark Oh Shaggy's back okay man there's some activation keys around I detect something search also in the water you'll have to place them on these four blocks go back go I made it back oh so crap I couldn't tell you earlier I was in the toilet wait what you only think we're in this guy's mind and he's in the bathroom taking a Dookie is either dragon why is he thinking about dragons on the toilet you all may give us night vision because I can't see oh look at that good job I couldn't see that's funny all right I'm gonna search the water that's a good plan yo I found a chest good job bro how many more - I got one activate alright so we each got an act if I find three activation keys and you find one does that mean you're dumb Ross what the heck yo I found one more I have to this is actually like getting down to the wire for me so like if we could just just chill for a minute you know I actually don't know where this last one would be I'm scared yeah my guy is not good at swimming but I aspire to be you see our minecraft characters actually swim I don't blame them for being bad at swimming yeah they just kind of float they're upright not like kicking their feet up right there's a reason do you think when like notch or Jeb was coding this they were like I found the other one yes I'm not stupid for it do you think do you think when they were coding this were like this is it this is exactly how we want them to swim well you know what the creeper was right that was a pig yeah they messed up the pig imagine if they didn't mess up the pig and how like not like my crap oh you did the parkour I'm the best do you think minecraft would be anywhere near as as popular as it is if it if they if they didn't have creepers I don't know I feel like probably not right cuz it's so iconic yo I want your magic is gone yeah this one from 0 to 100 pretty quick yo I need you to take this gun alright shaggy look at this in my hand I'm gonna get you stop it's like strapped deer are didn't you get the oh you didn't the Ruby code oh I probably should have done that a man I found what's doc brace yourself I'm scared wait wait oh god what the heck was that I think we gotta shoot these ah did you shoot me on accident yeah didn't mean to I was trying to aim at the buttons Wow Oh God Oh Ross Carol Ross this is dumb don't use your bow I'm staring Wow okay alright I'll shoot the buttons you you you kill the thingies okay Wow dick do you naked at your job alright that was dumb Oh era yeah I'm a little bit out of arrows too I think there's only one more did you get it did you get it keep going keep going here don't have any arrows but keep going do it again you'll look up you see them let's go behind you Oh Ross I'm a little concerned I don't think we can move forward no I think you know these things maybe we know we have to kill these four arrows oh these are skeletons do I get two arrows that's good good job man y'all miss all right I got one one oops I accidentally let that go away too early um Ross we're in a bit of a situation music is epic what no yeah yeah blessed yeah bless that's to me we can't have this my man you just killed me yeah yeah no sorry you scared me I got frightened yo let's let me let's agree to look let's agree to not kill each other you kill me again I'll kill you No y-yeah I won't give you the satisfaction yeah after you now oh wait I think I think we got to do it one more time okay good good good no you're dead no no all right all right let's stop let's stop okay stop oh I thought you were an enemy I want arrows all right we ball threat 12 okay oh no the gorge go I didn't get any arrows okay I got this then Oh Oh those you okay stop stop protocol Ross baby you got a disorder oh you guys want air hose dang it why didn't he kill me so easily did you get anything no oh boy this man so I guess we're just gonna have to sit here and yo we have these and why haven't we been using them thank you no I got two air hose finally yo I didn't get any here what the heck did you ever just wonder what these uh these boss mobs are thinking just like yes I'll send my minions out that happen to have the one thing that is my weakness and they just said to this why doesn't he just like breathe fire or move his hands a little bit yeah no he's just kind of chill in there it's like he's made of blocks that's a good point hey die how many arrows do you have dude I have a whopping still none I have four how how doe your scalp four wide oh oh that was a good shot even though I miss but for some reason you still work hey come on back there what the heck I thought we just did those ones no because the arrows despoil and if we take too long are you serious you wanna just give myself some arrows no no hold on we got to do it legit oh they pushed me off I don't even I'm just right now I got two arrows no the arrows are despawning again no they're not you're kidding dude just shoot shoot the other ones money is that it yes there we go woohoo take that octi let's go yo whoa yo this one from zero to a hundred I'm a night vision else again hey look we can see wow wow wow man oh dude that's kind of cool zapper to what's on the zapper on power what the heck is this dude do I look cool hey oh pretty weird how do I look look just put the pants on was it like responding to me well I saw this movie too you could have you could think of something else I don't know my little pony or spongebob only Gollum is missing whoa wait a minute we're in Lord of the Rings we're in Lord the room what the heck I actually put my armor on then no let's go fight the Balrog yeah let's let's not oh okay no calls I don't I don't know I'm sure I'm still trying to keep I'm still trying to figure out what's happening yeah we're in limbo I know we're in limbo but what kind of limbo just goes like I think we're hopping from like dream world to dream world yeah it sounds kind of like that where we go is this that's the question isn't it Ross you see an opening I don't know I think we're trying to get to the very end that looks different right here and there's a ladder it's the it's the ivory tower oh my god hey oh my god do you feel I mean I feel pretty stupid you know apparently we get like really cool armor if we collected 11 it is an ivory tower yo I only got how many stars you got I got one I got five I can't believe there's an ivory tower God you've got to be kidding me I feel so dumb okay let's just dip ah man that's stupid of all places before the ivory tower all right Wow oh that was God why do I suck Ross is it normal to suck this bad yeah yo so we got to go find the Ruby codes so where are the Ruby codes good question all over this place I have no idea this probes yeah I'm all over this place I see a chest did you find one yep I think so beyond the race again oh wait no there's nothing oh there was the chest we Clinton but I found the chest with petrolhead literally just as a troll head dude this is gonna take us like forever this place is huge why is this place so big let's find these he found one nah schools hides what does it mean Oslo's wait how does my face look beautiful I think these are all just in random spots dude this is gonna be a thing isn't it's gonna be a thing yeah all right hey think I think I found a second one nope I found a button nevermind that's it what what happened I pressed a button that said Ruby code why you give us night vision again what's happening why no I found a button that just said code what the heck is going on is this like a maze why are there so many mazes in this game how many Ruby cones do we need we needed four four do you have one already I have one this should give us the second maybe will we survive we'll find out in the next exciting episode of Dragon Ball Z but no yes here's the guys make sure to go check out Ross's channel in the description below part 2 will be chillin on his channel so make sure to go check out check out what happens next this is actually really exciting so I do recommend it well how will the conclusion unfold will we ever get another torch I I kind of want to know what happened like what is happening with us you know yes why are we in this guy's dreams it's weird but anyway thank you guys so much for watching I'm sky check out Ross's channel description below and I'll see you later recruits you 
so doctor could you tell us your name Ross Oh and what were you doing out here working what that you're working on in the world full of zombie work mostly you're a doctor right what kind of work with a doctor half after the world has already ended was your friend injured oh yeah I guess what does that would your friends have survived without a doctor patching her up oh I guess not so that why you're in this shitty nice neighborhood quiet plenty of tools to work with you know you're not really giving us any answers to our questions I don't recall being obligated to guys look a cottage you're fine Jess let's check it out I can't believe there's a cottage out in the middle of the forest that's really really deep to God I don't know it looks like nobody's been in here for a while look at all the Ivy on the sides hmm oh by the way uh by the way we Ross thank you for letting me take your candy bars from your office does house nice of you yeah you had a lot of candy bar why would I have that many I do have a sweet tooth you wait yeah sure there you go cool um so with our with our luck I don't even know if we should go in here I'm gonna be honest with you guys no god you're crazy we have to check this out but it's getting too dark we risk staying out here I mean let's let's just think all right in the past couple days we've almost been eaten uh okay yeah act by walkers no I've been pinned up into a cabin very similar to this and almost died yeah but remember dad three how many weapons we found there you other's true ever since Haworth - we don't have any frickin weapons and really you are end up I mean the thing is I thing is that the thing is we went to a place that had a bunker in it right it had a bunker in it with a bunch of weapons and hey at least you guys at leat what I'm trying to say is at least you guys had weapons before we went in so if anything was in there we could have fought it off now we have nothing we have not any but a pistol and you've only got like what two shots left after after that hospital you don't have any shots no I have like a tree hi whatever you check it out we got it checked it out okay you know welcome can if you have to shoot if we're gonna if we're gonna die might as well just I mean we've been lucky so far so well whoever's here is cooking a lot of food whoever's here is like gotta be a genius or something look at how many books are here right I know that could even revival mine bah I got crossbow we got a crossbow Oh Oh perfectly that is bad perfect uh hold on uh-oh this isn't even the right weight is this threat oh yes it is Oh perfect just you want this Senate yeah there you go I don't I don't necessarily need a gun I'll be I'll be all right with my with my bowie knife until we find it looks like a what but I found extra clip there you can take this one it's already full load perfect perfect ha ha I got a crossbow ah so uh I mean Ross you ice do you want this bowie knife then no it should be fine I I mean you would probably want to protect yourself though I think you should take it just in case just in case just take it yeah just your skating yeah yeah I mean haven't you been saving the jet yeah I mean if we wouldn't if we couldn't trust you then I don't know just take it stake all right but uh didn't you show us the good paint so it looked like this place up for a 1-person yeah I mean it looks like it looks kind of like a an old condo that I used to have back when I used to live in New York for everything or everything hit the fan but look at nice 1/2 in the middle of the forest like this wow that's pretty nice actually this is around good call telling us to go inside I mean it's a freakin bomb now so your guys find anything beside the crossroads pretty empty see I wonder why I wonder why he had a crossbow here though maybe maybe this guy has stayed here for a long time he knows better than to fire a gun oh but then where could the owner be yeah why wouldn't you take it with him uh-huh I have no idea that's I wonder that where he is you think you'll come back I hope not we have someone standing guard no no one I doubt it there's no one for miles uh hmm I don't know I think I'm I think I'm gonna stand guard just in case mm my calamus bed okay Oh Jett hahaha well she was she needs arresting she has the injury yeah I I agreed huh freakin well frankly thing here look you're wrong yeah let's just let's just keep looking around there's got to be something I mean you don't just have a condo out in the middle of nowhere with nothing in it I mean let's let's be realistic here all the cabinet is empty what hey I found something I'll give this lever a pole what do you suppose it goes only one way to find out right what why did it do that what what's going on I'm sorry was i interrupting something do you mind what's finding out later this chapters this go right behind you there's Walker's down here wah wah what the heck is this what did you know they're in like hot ages how they got him in there maybe maybe then how did they get them in here is it me what the heck well I mean we should probably should probably take him out right well you're either flipping him down god well I mean what they're in cages I mean they're like they're it happens right here huh what's that rock how long do you think they've been down here the upstairs was abandoned well I mean look at this one look look at this one this one looks like his body's been brought in for a while yeah rot good get good point bed how long you think that they can living crap gosh ha I'm not gonna just sit here what if they get out what if they get out the doors lock no one else agreed to killing it well what did you all let's keep this guy here no what are you talking about why are we a fight yeah I really get one Moo rot well I don't know why you're killing them because it's better to it's better to take them out than to have any kind of any kind of thing attacking us later wait this place looks weird like what is it and why are they here oh I just noticing this what are in these vials it's like something's being processed here it's like something someone was trying to do something here you know this looks like a some see a lab ball good yeah like it might almost like a live what the heck is this really what anyone is dead there's bunch Medical Supply in year there's tons of medical supplies what the heck there's handcuffs in here in splints what Vanka yeah I have no idea this handcuff here I've no idea but I should take one just in case I'm gonna take this other one out you got so bad with a gun right mazing shot there sorry I mean let's see you do better yeah there's like there's much bandage - there's scalpels and medical blades there's bone cutters in here what the heck hot why are there so many weird things in our cupboard do you think someone was doing something to them I have no idea this is yet what you're weird like when we were caged up wait a minute how do they get in there huh there's a book in here there's book there what's it saved God it's called Project zaxon Zack's am I saying that right Zack's in' looks like you sound familiar sounds like so as z za x en it's like it sounds like it's like a drug of some kind or something what what wants to say the inside this is a diary this is a dire day 98 all of a sudden specimen 48 fell motionless and was unresponsive to light or flesh I'm going to continue administering agents accent to specimen 49 whose specimen 49 there's there's more than there's more than three there's only three cages hmm what's it keep going keep going what's it day 99 it seems as though specimen 49 is accepting this axon well the brain still has control of all limbs unfortunately for 49 she has completely lost control of her own brain any time I walked to her cell what the heck any time I walked to her cell she lunges at me in hunger I also went out today and gathered my next subjects specimen 51 in specimen 52 their families suspected nothing and probably won't report them missing for at least a week what the heck what were these people wait wait wait what you're saying I think I think the I think that these were people like before they were before they were walkers I think there were people in cages well no no everybody's person before they they get bit no no no it makes sense why do you think there's so many medical supplies here so he is trying to help them maybe maybe it sounds like it it sounds like this person whoever was down here was trying to make a cure or something these families won't miss them that doesn't make sense let's I don't jet right but maybe maybe maybe maybe maybe it's like their families will miss them because there were already walkers or something we need to get you in any part state again all of a sudden specimen 48 fell motionless and was unresponsive to lighter flesh I'm going to continue administering wait wait okay I also went out today and gathered my next subjects specimen 51 so it's like he's gathering them he's picking up the subjects their families suspect with that their family suspected nothing let's just keep reading oh there's a torn out page there's one they 178 I what I have configured yeah I've configured the zaxon almost perfectly I'm seeing the full change take effect in a matter of what the heck both what it is what is what is it soon I will be able to attack soon I will be ready to release Saxon to the public what there is no hero there's another missing page day 193 am I ready oh wait I am I'm ready but is the world I'm going to leave specimen 74 75 and 76 so that I may find out how long they live without food that was it whoa that's all that's all that was there but I wonder if that was those three that you guys just killed yeah whoever was here was making walkers what whoever was here was making walkers no what if zaxon is the virus oh my oh my sounds like it's like like this what if zaxon what does axon is the virus that that creates Walker's but you're going you're saying it someone is create the Walker somebody created walkers in this cabin uh-huh and then release them to the public this is where it start what oh my god geez what's here who's with you we gotta hit this we we should make sure that this whatever was here isn't hasn't been here for any time do you mean it did look abandoned but they could put this thing on there so there's four of us and only one of them are hopefully one of them yeah but Jake if this person is made new to Walker my bill if they're making them they have to somehow we need to we need to move we need to move we should keep heading to DC okay we should get out of here I'm gonna keep this book with us okay keep that we have to showing that to them do do thanks right now it looks like we were never here they come back I mean they're gonna find out if they go down there the frickin walkers are dead we need actually move oh no we need to keep moving off let's go let's go back what the heck we found who we found the Creator what we need to we need to keep moving let's keep moving whoa now that was crazy what who owns this cabin do we find the cure did we find whoever created it we don't know we don't know anything about this cabin as always guys thank you so much for watching this episode if you haven't share with your mother share with your father share with your creepy uncle we'll share it with whoever you want to share it with thank you guys so much for all the support you guys have been showing this series the next episode is going to be coming out on the second that is that is a Sunday and we've been we've been working really hard to make sure that these stay consistent for you and make sure that these goes up at a regular time so also if you haven't already make sure to go check out SGC barbarians channel in the description below he has already four seasons of this out we are just now joining his universe and hopefully it's going to be it's gonna be pretty pretty epic but um what's gonna have a next guys comment down below what you think is gonna happen next I would love to see you guys input and sometimes we even look at some comments were like you know that would be I'd be pretty cool but anyway guys thank you so much for watching I'm sky and I will see you later recruits you 
oh hey uh max my god man get them you got that Fathead it's like Ross's head replaced your head this alright anyway guys welcome back to do not laugh before this video starts guys as always I want to say thank you so much for all the sports you guys haven't shown my channel pre-much ever gonna do here I'm joined with MIT's an a little shorty SGS and hey welcome to do not laugh pretty simple concept first-person three points wins in order to get three points you have to make the person in the center laugh if you guys want more do not like you can go ahead of course you'll slap that like button comment down below what's your favorite thing about mmm Ross but in all seriousness because of you guys we managed to finally cure Ross why it's over everybody 2016 right at the beginning we did it thanks guys he's like he looks worse now he's just like big yes alright I don't know go ahead and get the center little leg that's what that's what nightmare fuel is don't touch me Ross don't touch me boy I'm not giving you a hug : X I have a joke for you okay yeah you know I'm doing squats yeah alright we're gonna start off with a bang look at this phonograph every time I do I wind it up how this music gets so good because this phonograph really should be an average household name put a pause ensues to shame nope alright no no you don't know I'm not done yet oh yeah look at this shower head what best thing since this sliced bread put all my money into these buy them oh god please okay autographs and shower heads are all these things that I have invested all of my money in please just buy something kind of made a big mistake got nothing left my money's plagued oh god oh god please you got me okay you know what at first I wasn't laughing cuz like you know what everybody makes everybody makes fun of me for liking Nickelback and then you actually got me to laugh and then you kept it up like how the heck is he doing you like Nickelback I honestly have no idea how I did that it would turn into like a really depressing story of a man who put all his money into phonograph since sliced bread yes you get a point in banks motion I worked really hard on that don't to come to your name Oh Barney once told me the world is it's right I mean so Adam you with the middle I guess so you want to make me laugh Ross yeah I'm gonna need you're talking about a laugh already just from seeing that all right ready Adam you can turn around Oh Barney no Barney please party please are you really making like a crafting dead reference ah I think the reason I'm laughing it's just because you look like hugging I don't have the zombie Barney light and then it something it doesn't help that you you're sitting here looking like you arse uh Ross you can go ahead and get in the center okay go ahead Ross make my joke no we said no all right so my guess is Megan's gonna laugh before she finishes her joke Ross wins I don't know if you guys know this but if you drink the blue liquid from magic 8-ball you can see the future trust me a friend keeps did it once but he said he was gonna die and I need it what that knows that my friend told me that if if we drank the magic blue water from the eight ball that we would die and he died yeah but why keep haha I'm not gonna lie that that literally I'm not gonna laugh because you said the name Keith the name Keith just like it's Keith what's wrong with the geez even the comments gonna be very upset the last time Keith was here he got shot the frickin arm oh yeah because in Pirates you guys his name with Keith and you got killed by getting shot in the arm it was your series uh-huh yeah but you died I died everything all right so does that that not work no uh I can't use my job so max go ahead hi my name is max I talked about how I always prep my stuff no I was prep stupid I'm not I reset the scale you know I just look stupid no that's max max oh I love FedEx hey uh well I'm sure shipping a package now where do I sign up I always say the Roger how did you mug you bet it will be of the finnick sir would you like a package mailed am I supposed to say yes yes yeah oh thanks sir I'll mail your package for you who would you do it with you boo boo boo oh wait no I can't oh hey you might help me though what am i helping with this job is not working I'm just going for it no yo I don't know you've ever seen a FedEx person go oh thank you I'll ship it for in order for me to ship your package I gotta like move everything out of the warehouse you might just help me move a couple boxes I mean if it's a couple yeah just a couple here all right just come down here what the heck yeah just uh just music just help me move a couple these boxes max is joking from like zero 100 so fast I've messed it up with nobody moving Bobbie don't look at me I'm an army of Ross's can I live down here what the heck was that max so slow imma imma cover this up but we're gonna remember this here alright max get me centered Ross I'm gonna do the joke with you okay okay alright max turn around all right you ready yay wait wait I'm turning right turning it oh you're Taco Bell why oh oh what why are you pushing a bush faster faster let's never talk about this no I think okay you want me to be honest you wanted to Y laughed like it was funny it was funny but what made me laugh is that I knew you originally planned to do that joke with Shelby how'd you know that because you did it with Ross instead some sit here just imagine it show me ya guys moral moral of the story is if you too much Taco Bell you'll have a lava poop go ahead and get in the centered all right make me laugh come on fight me fight me nerd me water okay I'm ready hey I don't want to interrupt you with that right all right what's up oh look welcome to my presentation folks ladies and gentlemen uh we have finally developed a British shrink ray yeah Russell II we have a lion elite developed a working shrink ray allow me to demonstrate okay are you dead my whole what the heck Ross I think you did it also got Ross I think it works as whom side effects to nearby viewers well I did in fact laughs oh you can get in the center I felt the pity you know was to tell the viewers that everything's fake all right maybe Lafayette I know it's cuz I'm gonna make you laugh right now because you didn't get to get in the center doc subtract oh man this is not good this is not good this is not good this is not good this is not good this is not gonna get seriously Oh Shelby show me show me I cannot find Ross anywhere help me please I get out oh my god this is what Patti can find him can find us in here oh man where is he where is he where is he where is he where is he where is he where is he where is he where is he Oh God did you find him anywhere haha why are you just laughing all right max akin the center why do I gotta go to Center because you made her laugh oh yeah all right come on let's do this for God all day guys go look that way come on Ross fine come on Ross Ross faster rah Adam when you stand in my stuff Ross hurry I have a joke that would make an excellent yeah sure people oh he's a lame patty cake no I'm try to put my face just just farted drive my farts broke oh god I know this is Oh God all right I'm sitting way hello yeah you're now my brother dinkle has been going around pretending to be me and serving people bad pony bagel sir have you had food from dinkle no Earl the dungeon monster who does know he's been giving people poison pie-ya oh I'm a three-star chef I'm here to feed you sir ah what the heck what is this it's a feeding station what are you calling me animal all you humans are just animals to me I've got a bunch of burgers of it I really haven't gotten human eating down result we're gonna pack it back up show now rah she got me tinkle thanks for another exciting episode of kicking with Earl next time we cook a pie all right whose turn is it is my turn right Ross do you watch The Avengers yeah all right turn on yeah I know I'm beautiful she'll be okay prettier than you I like your eye patches up thanks man Adam how do you see mirrors aren't even real all right you ready what are those yeah all right turn around oh gosh oh man okay let's do this release quick and should be good all right okay all right god this is so embarrassing ha ha ha mission with glass ha ha ha really go good swimmers she was a show because I want to see more of like the characters they just introduced now I got to wait a few years for the next movie sure he'll say uh sure hope they don't find out ha ha all right well that was doing a laugh guys that I win yeah you want but I still want to do my joke all right do you joke okay uh that one's doing laughs guys I mean thank you so much for watching make sure to check everybody's channels out in the description man what guess your little tad Max and anyway guys thank you so much for watching this episode of funtime super mega moments we'll see you 
as I saw this lady's new band called slap that like button dude they were so loved them oh I mean I guess you could say he's in a chicken I honestly I have no idea what your deal is man I've done nothing to you you know Cyclops I'm getting sick of your crap oh hey teacher hey are you going I'm new here I'm miss Shelby we go through we go through new teachers so fast like gosh we what is going on with our school board honestly yeah what's going on with this guy right no my feelings man I've done nothing no bullying policy in this school please yeah yeah about the not killing policy I haven't killed anybody I haven't done anything you ask sorry Wow gosh Wow she's a very okay these are very spirit science desks okay I'm sorry I am NOT I'm walking on Ross's desk sorry sorry sorry for you today so we're gonna be learning about my mom says I'm OD auntie John oh my I think this will be fun some I think it's inappropriate to teach kids about explosive devices but I say this is the best science class ever yeah explosion well first I have to teach you the basics so first we will learn that these naturally occurring mobs creepers are very similar to TNT oh they're so new I love these these are so cool I like this thing okay sorry he's sensitive why do they look so sad teacher what's the anatomical reason that they look so sad I used to pick word hey I used a big word praise me oh here you can have a star on your desk cool she's got a new point system doesn't even make sense oh you tried to steal it didn't work out so well did it no no your yeah I'll take a cookie actually you guys not stars you have to be a man listen to the rules okay gin gin don't hit the creeper don't don't do that stop that Jeff so to learn the basics of TNT we are going to have to move into the lab and I will show you and demonstrate to you firsthand how to craft your own why is Johnny said yeah I don't know why he said why does he look so sad this is a more important question than learning about TNT right now oh look it's not worthy it's like anywhere you say how did you fit 28 steaks in your pocket broken oh sorry I got this well this is unfortunate you don't get a star okay so this is the lab this is a very nice place what is this thing do what does this do that is a lettuce put beakers of chemicals hey what are you doing okay you don't suppose that those are highly toxic chemicals I think you do nothing you have to send you to the nurse it's very apparent it's very apparent ways I just like this now I guess a band-aid is fine nice so I'm gonna you guys how to craft your own explosive hold up hold up wait I have a question about his band-aid is it Dora the explora band-aid no it's Ironman hey my feelers make your own tnt boy I would actually love is very simple all you need is gunpowder and sand okay where do you find gunpowder you are in the wild you'd have to kill your own creepers but here we have our own supply some what is this Jen what did you do what is that that's neat that was a cool thing I like that that is not how this is supposed to go i-i-i-i made a little bit of a mistake I will I will take I will take I'll take my the nurse is freaking good at everything she totally takes and and gunpowder okay why would you put these in here if we're not supposed to use them look look at this doesn't this look fancy this looks fancy I love this this is not safe for students to working it's not you don't use cobweb for tea and tea please refer to the diagram on the board oh but I put a cobweb here it doesn't make you explosion okay so let's I got an idea I got an idea so all I need to put cookie oh here we go I got this oh my god I'm a genius I'm a genius when do I get my scholarship I'm just a WoW I'm great what are you doing we need a lever why is there no levers oh I need a this is tea we don't need levers I don't need egg ok I'm not breaking the classroom sorry but look look at this teacher this is important okay you are about to make me an honor student okay all right wait I call it hmm pushy piston hope it didn't do anything well yeah this is why this is my science fair this is oh there we go BuChE BuChE help me boogie boogie boogie boogie boogie don't get back on for the science fair Wow Wow I mean I've come up with groundbreaking look Wow teacher looking what I made oh good job Jin you created me this is ground hey get off my I made that no okay wait wait wait okay we do with it wow that was holy crap I didn't even know about this library wow I think I think you should be actually thinking gin because now we know about this library this is why we have budget cuts we have to pay to fix that wall now I mean we're not gonna see you next time probably not it cost my job but you know what we're learning it's fine okay stop learning I don't wanna learn I don't want to learn anymore learn what is the safe environment in which we can use this I'm scared Jin why are you blowing things up outside where you can't destroy the classrooms anymore oh man man they're gonna fire you God people who blow things up are crazy wow this is all your fault okie-dokie on powder is this it over here please follow me to the football track yeah you remember this field where you chase this around with it fired I still don't know what you're talking about here hold okay you can't tell me you forgot to date Wow what the farts I've created I'm pretty sure I mean I'm gonna be honest I don't even know what our school is called this looks like it says the fart 5 awesome I love that that's great however I have created a safe environment to demonstrate the TNT please stand back Jin back up Jin Jin Jin Jin Jin Jin Jin Jin Jin Jin one more time Barney look at that that's cool whoa wow you're a quick teacher Wow teacher your mother so there there is such a ting this stuff without destroying everything happy and he works now I'm trusting you guys to be responsible I'm gonna give you each a you don't have a setup our TNT in this safe environment please I never figured out how to stop that okay sod lost my TNT can I have like another right there you go no I got there you go buddy I'm gonna ask you to be responsible with your flint and steel Oh light in the presence of another student okay I will not do that that's that's for calling me a pyromaniac si si yeah how does it feel how does it feel now that I'm actually doing it yeah now that I'm actually doing it yeah Punk have you've done anything I did this for the first time ever and that's because you're a big wiener yeah we have to be responsible if you want to ever do anything in the sacrifice how about him ed him he set me on fire teach it you then seen it no actually I was looking the other way I didn't see anything I was really hoping the nurse can't fixed you why do you hate me so much man all right so I'm gonna be honest yeah I did set you on fire but you know the truth the truth yeah well I learned my lesson everybody remain pump I'm going to have to confiscate all TNT as well as flint field you think I have this yeah actually that I don't have any either King hey I don't have any either well then you rock I'll show them I'll show them all Ross what are you doing don't you dance I'm gonna do whoa you wouldn't care you 
oh god I really hope they got my message I don't want to be stuck down here forever look at this guy this is probably the last guy who got stuck down here Barney oh you got my message well I mean I don't even know what Oh Roz oh good now I don't have to die alone awesome so uh I'm gonna be honest I'm gonna be honest I have no idea I can't I can't see a thing like gin Oh okay good so you all got my shoes then did you guys get my shoes awesome all right let me put these on them freezing perfect I don't know guys like I I don't know I mean if this was an illusion there's got to be a way out of here so we should just like field around field around yeah we should feel really there's a loose wall hey Doc I'm not getting anything there's gotta be a way out you're phobic in here wait a minute wait do you see that a little bit of light coming from here but just here there's an exit there's an exit right here oh thank god trapped yes but now we go right we go right back into a dungeon fantastic okay everyone still has their blade yeah of course Barney I have a question though have you seen this kind of stuff before this is like magic I never see that something like that before it's insane do you think it's just because of like the treasure is called the iyavor II what was it called the iodized how you forget this I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry there's a lot on my mind dude but that's incredible like I've never never seen anything like this before whatever this treasure is we have to be careful that was certainly not a joke haze magic could be harmful to us guys there's little tablets with writing on them if this prize you wish to claim then this dungeon you must tame trials ahead you must best courage wisdom and strength to test but the heck does that mean you're gonna put us through trials if you wish to get to the treasure are you kidding me with those words before wisdom you knucklehead this is gonna be uh okay guys I would normally say oh you guys sure you want to do this but if you look back there's really nothing back for us let's do this hopefully we don't end up like everybody else wow this is amazing do you think this is man-made you guys hear that popping sound that's the LOB there's lava below us oh no oh my steps off I am gonna be honest I'm gonna be honest with you Ross after what we've seen I wouldn't I wouldn't doubt it's magic this is incredible I think that this is imagine whoever built this is it's just this is amazing I'm starting to Jin I don't know about you but I'm starting to think like this is gonna be incredible get out of here one piece of life none of this means anything if we die in here hold on there's another tablet if worth if worthy of the treasure you be then you must conquer trials three do not let your heart fall to steerage oops is it steerage is asleep it's Sturridge Sturridge I'm sorry I've reading was never my strong suit prove here that you have courage huh what the heck first trial this is like a what is this is like jumps are you serious now really watching your step okay what whoa that Parrish men don't don't look down look oh my gosh courage you can do a cabin boy just keep going oh I'm know about you guys but I'm pretty I'm pretty worried come on hurry up guys what's taking so long you be careful no this is actually what stirring this is actually kind of fun I'll be honest what's taking you so long guys so I mean well yeah I mean but where's your courage at guys haha oh this is incredible sorry this is amazing come on Ross you got this is it bad that I'm having fun I just what you're having I just think that like whatever we're about to find has got to be pretty darn incredible to put it through all this no of course not but that was that's what makes the journey so intense what is this is this is it which one do we read first this one down here well according to this it says if your heart be steady and true that you must best trials - there's only two trials left deal your mind in a start with dictum to continue forth a test of wisdom Oh wisedom test I really fighting I don't want more color as a maiden tweak'd time was not when I began through the garden I was sneaked I alone am the fall of man what does that mean it's gibberish we I'm so confused maybe there's something maybe there's something back here that'll tell us but if it's if it's wisdom there's no way that it would know this is definitely a riddle its speaking no it's it's there's no way maybe maybe the garden being like the garden of like Eden herbs wait I think I have it colored as a maiden tweet the color red of a maidens flushed face that the rosy cheeks I'm was not when I began so a creation of God through the garden I was sneak through the through the Garden of Eden I alone in the fall of man which caused Adam and Eve to be expelled from the Garden of Eden it's the apple of Eden why what how did you know that I just I put them together and it just Shambu it seemed so clear Jen you're a genius let's go never seen anything like this before what there were only two trials though this is amazing look at this place why are there yeah there's a lot of skeletons maybe maybe you feel like fail the third test you wind up like these guys how they made it this far nearly run the treasures length a final test of strength what does that mean that means what is this skeleton they must be defending the treasure ah ha I haven't had a good fight in weeks this is not what I signed up for you never see the skeleton monster in Britain have you dad handbook well I don't have any plans I'll becoming one of them you're right no backing down let's take it to them trying to keep up but I need to get my back do that listen to me you're Irish and nothing is gonna put you down but I'll fight I can see it just let it out I won't let anything happen all right just do it Ross pick up your sword I'm not gonna stand by and let this happen anymore what hi nobody hurts my crew so you got tired of eating pretty lanky you're a pirate now it's certainly the fight better than one let me show you how a commander fight just try to keep up captain over here why don't you try fight Gavin boy good job guys I think we did it yeah did whoa what what's going on I can I can feel my toes again my legs hey that's great oh man Ross Oh where's the I of Clarence well that's kind of disturb magic magic really exists what do you see Barney what does the I show you I see treasures Judge this room all of us treasures waiting for us to take a death sentence with this we can get more than enough to repay the British government we can go home alright then what business they are there I have information about a crew of traitors who stole a ship of spices from the crown led by captain gin and the pirate legend Barney you 
oh do you know what you did to my friend haha look that sky what and ourselves this island whoa make sure he doesn't move make sure he doesn't move I'm checking up on me do not move on me Jin how is he doing seems to be doing better Ross how are you feeling still missing a leg yeah yeah that's not much we can do about that but as long as you're feeling better that's all that matters oh is this better is oh good I was beyond a close call that was way too close haha you really got their blood pumping here captain pirate captain of nothing now ha are you gonna say anything huh you lay one you killed my men may I - you're next Barney what should we do with them I say that I cut his head off right here wait Barney as in the legendary pirate Barney who disappeared no no he's what she's not knowing where they say watch Barney the legendary pirate who sailed the seven seas and pillaged British spice trading ships for ages 1 5 years ago he's not knowing what he said what does she mean knowledge he's not understanding it he was his man he's crazy Oh pirate you can't I never would have thought the infamous Barney would be oh ship West Island okay what does he mean Barney back off back up back up what does he mean what does he mean are you really a pirate's all that Barney tell them about your pirate past okay all right I put I lose my swirly okay all right looks like I can't run away from this I'm a pirate I'm a pirate I was going to take over your ship and I was going to steal all your good you want is a scum I should cut you down where you stand hey you're the one our ship crash no I can't do anything I bet this was your doing you sabotage the ship hey did you know that if I wasn't here everyone would not be in the same situation probably we wouldn't be on this island feel so crappy this whole time and you're a pirate a pirate took Ross's leg what makes you any different hey doesn't meaning that I'm the same same kind of guy that is you're a pirate to me okay who helped you kill those three men there and go back to helping Skye say rod who was that that was me he does have a point I don't like it but I guess we can trust him more than the others at the very least can we trusting me a little bit can we he's probably gonna stay has nothing all along you've had nothing good to say about any of us this entire time all right cabin boy now he's losing his life so I don't feel as angry towards him but still you can't trust me I'm here I help you we can trust a pirate how do we know this isn't even you how do we know this isn't your Island you know them who you really are how do we know this isn't even you're not even part of his crew is he part of your crew he's our prisoner we do not execute prisoners he's not prisoner he's our ticket out of here even as it may we will still need him you what is your name oh you're played a silent game now fine whatever here's the thing we take him back to his ship we tell his men look you're either follow us no no no is he one of your men or not is he one of your men or not I would never have someone like Barney and my crew I was on your ship well it's confuse it's convenient that you knew everything about this little area huh that you knew exactly this is a freaking pirate's den it's amazing that you knew this was a pirate's Island huh maybe this is your Island maybe you've been here before that's all you know how pirates work - they betray and they kill why you're not up why are there so many why are there so many dead people on this on this island were pirates what do you expect I've been fighting for territory what should we do what should we do look here's the group not live you knows how to get out of here but I can get us out of here what we have kill us once we're out of here you might need our help will you know I will you look here's the way out pirates work like this if we take over as captain of their ship the crew will following us after mostly max my soldiers don't follow us if they'll follow us if we use you as a hostage look yeah you think I threw a ball for that yeah I do and if he is some kind of legendary pirate I have a feeling they'll follow him more than they will you my crew would never follow the likes of Barney it's very clear that he's lost what's he had oh really oh really you think you think that he comes back he comes back to your ship he comes back to your ship having defeated you and your best men is he still a legend or not I think that he still is I think that your men will follow him your talk idea is out of the question we are soldiers not pirates we're not living the life of outlaws please didn't hear what else are we gonna do captain if we look we've already killed people we have blood on our hands to board their ship is pirates then there's no way out of here probably a million better ideas than becoming a pirate like look you lose your look you can already have your penguin it'll lose my leg oh yeah let me just go lose another leg take my arms while you're at it so what are we doing so madly what we need to take him with us I don't like this idea but we have to at least work with what we're given for the time being but the moment we're able to we were securing a British ship and we are going home there's no British ship near so first ship is we're securing that ship so we have to my ship yes your ship what are you gonna do about it you're tied up let's stop calling it your ship right now because this our ship at this moment they're mad wrong there's a difference between being mad and being confident I think that we can take it all right bring them to the dinghy let's go follow them it's entertaining that you think you'll come out of this alive shut up just being honest you won't be escaping in one piece Cavan droid here has already made sure close your mouth dirt we're here everyone prepare the board it would sold these things no sudden moves you'd have your captain hostage listen to us and he might not get hurt I can't believe this you call yourselves men kill them stand down he's not your captain anymore you don't need to do as he says whoa so we take orders from you now if you follow under my command I will get you all back team black and a royal pardon I and maybe I'll get me a fancy posh wig for me bottom this is not a joke oh so sorry they're kissing but you ain't no captain of mine that's enough you pathetic sensitive worm bang you want to roll them join me again exactly we're bait you are to losing your head for this flight back you're calling yourself pirate I've seen a dead man be more like about them than you you don't need a name captain to telling you what to do you're a pirate what is this let me go to sit down what does prisoner want riches and glory treasure and adventures you want getting it from this ridiculous party that is an order put it down I am your captain not anymore you 
ah Barty your home country was nice huh guys thank you so much for going with me back there it was it's all funds to seize my parents again yeah they almost killed me yeah well sky your your said that means thing to them I said that I can't drink goat milk hey that's what I just said your says the mean stink to them whatever fine I still think the police had a lot of nice charm I mean I was skeptical at first too but that dirt fillet really won me over that's pretty tasty my mom's cookie it's all get we did bring the right Barney back right uh yeah why actually what rot what you're trying to say oh yeah that's definitely Barney yeah there were no other purple ones none can even speak English besides of our Barney yeah that oh that's that's true also you know you raised a valid point I'm sorry Barney guys not all their names is Barney yeah but they also chased me around with pitchforks and and torches and you know I thought it was gonna die every your own fault though everything got old Jimbo Jim how is it my fault you offended them by saying I'm lactose intolerant yeah they don't like Oh guys guys it was just cultural difference okay there's got what Hey yes you know yeah I don't think so I didn't have anything planned today I haven't hit up Iron Man or the Girl Scout cookie lady oh oh I know my dad he was gonna censor his best blogs geez I bet you bet it's that's what it is no no no see I put in an order for a new computer module the other day it's probably that ah yes gosh geez I I just want to ask you guys how does it feel to all be wrong it's obviously a mysterious package Ross stop a second a mysterious package things don't happen that way stop being a goober yeah comes on right why don't we just go look yeah grab my computer module I want to get that installed as soon as possible I don't think we should touch the package actually hold on hold on if you're so confident that it's a mysterious package how about you bet some marbles on it five blue marbles and you know those wallpaper it oh okay you know what I am having second thoughts here but you know what actually three three three three all right fine I'm about to make three marbles check this out okay oh come on my family's dealt with this before you should just throw it away burn it Barney don't eat it I think we should I think we should open it no I wanna know what's inside I also want to know how this got here I don't see a delivery man there's no return address on the thing yeah it's definitely return address on it see take a look there's not one anywhere well why does it look menacing I don't know it's sort of emanating the strange aura it doesn't have any medicine I don't know why you just said it's medicine yeah it's for sure that not oh my god jeez you know what I bet is in there probably a bunch of revolutionary new gadgets that'll do all sorts of awesome stuff do science not everything's gonna be crazy science thing yes Barney he's the same guy what like the first time he got here he wanted to experiment on the door the doorbell I mean come on yeah that's small friar I've already calculated all the base modules for that but this this is something new yes we're gonna know what this is sighs I'm willing to bet it's science and we just want to stand here and look at it are we gonna open it all right like I said we're tossing it right well why should it what if what if somebody was like hey you guys are super cool and I want to give you seven billion dollars and it's in there Oh or or maybes oh it could these infinite dork machine Oh guys you think there's dirt in there well your guys thought about all this cool thing that's in there so yeah I want this to be infinite dork machine like guys I'm gonna be honest here we should open it but if it's gonna cause some kind of pandemonium I don't know if we should do that like if I hand here I'll have a stuffy nose and and I'm not feeling too good if you guys want to open it how about this Barney sky me we'll go inside we'll close the door gin you open it why you scared of this thing Ross yeah I want to be out here when the opposite you guys want to open it I'll be back here you know what Ross c'mere c'mere us buddy open this thing I don't see what's in it let's do it let's just open it let's get it done with whatever machine all right here goes nothing wait sky yeah if anything happens always remember I love you yeah thanks Ross Wow it's empty what a waste of time I have a feeling there's more of this than meets the eye mind if I take this and have a better look at it tonight it's an empty box Jen go to town Oh Jen maybe spend some time outside I support you unconditionally interesting interesting interesting interesting candidates post ah what a beautiful day wait a minute wait a minute this isn't my room well what the heck is going on oh my god what what happened to my hand it's all it's all purple and scaly Oh oh my god oh this is this is Barney's room huh oh my god Oh guys guys where's everybody guys kitchen I don't know guys what's going on dudes anybody else feel weird wait a minute corny is that you wha are you me did you take my body I think we all switched I ended up switching with Ross yeah all of us seemed to be in different bodies it's us oh that's tripping me out wait is it is that YouTube yeah I can't remember much and everything's really hard to think about now I just wanna I just want to sit in my room and play with under muffin I keep oh my gosh I keep oh my gosh I keep catching myself talking like oh my gosh I keep catching myself talking like you oh my gosh mouse I kept stop thinking of dirt I've noticed everything started making a lot more sense like why everything happens how things go together like understand the wallet now whoa guys I can see the books on that shelf over there it's like I have an oculus vision I can only see out of one eye that we spend on each other's bodies the more fingers we can fit into our belly wait wait I can't live like a dinosaur bozo nothing I'm sorry yes I do I want my body back I'm sorry don't don't my what what don't are you talking about my butter don't you dare yes don't you touch that don't touch that guys stop arguing we're not gonna come to a conclusion when you two fighting what I just walks up like this Rahl just walks up like this what Ross you're the smart one now what do we do I I don't know I'm trying to think of all the possibilities and situations that could have put us here the only thing wait a minute what if it was the box that that's just what I was about to say but the problem is gin what did you do to the Box last night and you'll remember only all I can think about every time I try to remember is chickens and marbles oh and I don't know even though I'm Injuns body I don't know what he did Jesus all around with the box last night he's not remember I bet you that box was cursed there's no scientific evidence that curses even exist Barney that's what I'm supposed to say well I mean what are we gonna do I don't want to be Barney I'm sorry I don't I like me I like myself I'm handsome and charming and beautiful I'm trying to think I think I know just the person who'll be able to help us out I swear to God if you say thunder muffins my uncle Vinnie these guys better be legit rot trust me he's a real Rossum guy uncle Vinnie Oh she look different must be the hair no Vinnie we we've wandered our way into quite a predicament if you will well hold on now Ross first you come in here with this new haircut then you start sounding like some sort of scholar now you're in a particulate sounds to me like you're asking for money don't do Benny not at all don't get me wrong I get it you're down on your luck don't have nowhere to go why not come to Guinea see if you'll cough up some change well guess what buddy I'm not having it Vinnie we told you I don't have any money Vinnie listen we've been cursed we need your help why didn't you say so now you're speaking my language so what do you think we should do Vinnie let's start with the basics why am i curse who would curse me did I brush my teeth this morning where did I put my keys I wonder of my ex still thinks about me definitely sir like to rot but more importantly how do I get to the bottom of this in order to reverse the curse you have to stop it at its source so in order to stop the curse we need to find out who cursed us yeah your dingus that's what I just said how about you use your ears you 
or green slap a deaf kid alright hey guys Skye here I'm with down dummy you're not that guy party your gin whop my voice is back I'm here with Jim Bob bras and just have a little bit of aggression that I'm feeling right now oh there we go oh yeah you know just after writing all those would you rather but welcome back guys to would you rather and before this video starts guys thank you so much for all the support you guys been showing this channel and the series and if you guys want more make sure to slap that like button and comment down below your would you rather yeah so would you rather pretty simple concept first person three points wins in order to get points you have to guess what you think everybody else is going to say so for example if I were to grab something out of the green chest and say would you rather green eat a sandwich or would you rather red eat a big old pile of poop everybody of course would pick the poop because it means just delicious absolutely did no yeah yeah if I turn around and then everybody has selected red then I get a points and first person three points wins so Jordan you want to go first sure I can do that now are you guys gonna answer truthfully are you gonna answer like really contrary oh I will answer 100% truthfully that's a lie yes my entire life so should I grab should I read the green when I take it out yes which I have the green would you rather bathe only using toilet water isn't that kind of what you're already doing though I mean most water like I think toilet we are Twila waters already just tap water it's take a bath Corp razor blade your eyelids so anytime you blink you got your eyes oh god wow that's an old one - OH I'm gonna I'm gonna hope that you answer truthfully because I must rather just take a bath honestly seriously you know it's fine I'm sorry but I'll even eat it it's pointy yes yes I metals that way you can't change the system now Jen get out get out of here Jen all right would you rather Green get struck by lightning while on fire inside of a giant micro okay who wrote this I mean G okay Jordan do you live it's lightning while on fire inside of a giant microwave because that'd be a cool story but you know or change your gender every time you sneeze that's actually I don't know I'm I'm gonna go ahead and say I would much rather change my gender any time I sneeze yeah then I can induce sneezing and turn back but oh my god but I do have this horrible habit of like every once a month I have this sneezing fit that lasts like 30 minutes oh I have a very pressing question which is do you own a house I mean do you really want to get into the technicalities because it's kind of an apartment and I don't own it what really makes a house I mean I'm a grouch I wonder if he owns the the trash can or rinse it all right would you rather green be forced to spend a month inside of an elevator no internet no comma outside world but you get food and water or bread so like solitary confinement okay we're red sing when you speak five ever well honestly I'd much rather before the elevator that's that's actually tough because what if he was really good at singing and made it like a career I feel like my choice almost all of your friends cuz it just gets sick and tired no matter how great of a singer you are my good to chicken tired of it really no points I mean I realized how bad about yeah singer I was just yeah come on sing some sing some beautiful songs oh okay I'm nice cream let it go don't do it craziest would you rather green any pain new experience never fades or lessons it stays with you for your entire life Oh what does that even work okay eventually by the time you're like 50 your whole body's gonna hurt all the time or will it rather red and this is from a viewer Chris Talia Lee help Ross threw chicken labor as Ross's husband I feel like this is an inside joke Wow chicken labor basically excruciating pain for the rest of your entire history of life dude if you broke one bone in your life that would suck oh just imagine you bump your head into a door and that's it forever oh my god you stub your toe on the corner of the bed okay whoever wrote this come on all right all right looks like it's me again also before we before we finish going on to the next person I want to say the the map is actually in the description now so you guys can play would you rather with your friends so go do that go check that out and you'll be anyway would you rather the other one green eat a pound the sea salt all right I mean the sodium in takes a little bit high for that day but whatever you died already you would not died come kidney failure can you want it and then like what it is sea salt its lender hey this is actually pretty comparable blend up Barney's eyepatch and Underpants into a smoothie both eating things oh god I feel like I'm not gonna get a point on this one trick question because you'd only get an iPad you know if if sea salt like did kill you I'd rather die okay have you guys all voted I'm yeah Jordan you need to remember one thing all right bananas make bananas make any smoothie unanimous amazing let's see would you rather Lee relive the worst day of your life for all eternity wow that's so groundhogs David like awful yeah you don't get to learn it was a bad day for him at first did you like could you like learn to avoid those bad things that's what I feel I would imagine like if you kept her living and you knew it was a bad day you get really used to it and just be like yeah I'll ignore it and just go and do other stuff how many times can one person time oh my god dude Jane why you have to make it so dark alright and then would you rather all the conversations you have any time you tell a joke nobody understands it oh my god that's so uncomfortable that's basically awesome thank you I'm gonna go with what I'm gonna go with alright so yeah I'm gonna say this but the thing is let me justify this other one have you ever had one of those times when you told the joke to someone they didn't understand it so then you went into the more of the joke and that would happen every single time you talk to someone that was you look I feel like that happens every time I show YouTube video to someone I'm like no no no but it's really funny I promise Oh everyone voted against you well we will Nets rather just be awkward than relive the worst moment I picked I picked this one yeah that was relive the worst day of your life for the rest of eternity ah dang any chance of me winning and I was totally on the same page with you guys I'm like yeah and then I should pick the wrong thing green no I'm gonna read read first there's a reason red and I'm saying red and this is a viewer comment from Haley one two eight three have the voice of the opposite gender or green slap a deaf kid so green dude why did this come back to Sri emerged I mean at least you'll never hear it coming eat a bowl of ghost pepper cereal ghost chilies and milk okay from a fan alley good Rick B five nights at freddy jumpscare every time you sleep and wake up is this a one-time thing with the Chili Bowl I think five nights at Freddy's as you're falling asleep you get jumpscared and then you wake up and you get immediately jumps yeah how do you how do you fall asleep in the first place if you get jumpscared I mean I feel like maybe it's like as you lay down to go to bed you get jumpscared and then maybe you're good for the rest of the night feel like we're over analyzing what's gonna be with my very very large advantage in going first with no tiebreaks you rather green have to teach a weekly twerking class I mean would that be a bad thing necessarily I mean glutes or red rewatch your worst YouTube video on loop for ten years probably already exists and that was from a viewer named Serena Cooke so at least it exists for ten hours I'm sure wait for ten years Oh years well you said ten hours it's like all right am i good to vote we're waiting on a Don I've got to pick this first off I hate twerking I hate that it's a thing teaching it would probably be even worse because then I'd have people coming up into my face like it's just how I do it right watch a year for 10 years you literally waste 10 years of your entire life did it do anything else or is it just like on I'm think you're just watching for 10 years okay imagine you sit there you would rather just waste 10 years of your life my worst video was my first video that was a stop Oh same here and that I did on Garry's Mod which had no sound and it was only like six seconds long so come on it can't be your worst video if you weren't in there like no one can actually attribute embarrassment to you my first video it's just like really awkward and bad I think my first video I had a roommate as a chicken and I like invited him into my my Minecraft home and like he played 100% fair gin you were just lady beat yes it's like he had an advantage though I can't never realize that though I don't think this was a game that was meant to be played competitively oh do you wanna go man MLG competitive would you rather but anyway guys that was would you rather if you guys like this commentary news channel click that like and a subscribe button also make sure to go check out Jordans channel description below because he's beautiful people and check your buddy channel these guys do pretty cool I mean anyone I'm sky and I will see you 
hey guys got here before this video starts as always I want to say thank you so much for all the support you guys have been showing this series it's hide and seek series and this channel you guys are amazing and I wanted to let you guys know that we are currently doing a campaign with audible.com if you guys have never heard of audible.com it's pretty much audiobooks for days all these different kinds of audiobooks that you can listen to say you have like a summer reading project that you have to work on why not listen to it it's like one-month free trial and with this trial you get a free book as well that could be your summer reading book if you guys want to help us out it will help us out tremendously audible is currently because of this campaign helping us fund the Machinima's and the the editing for the college series and the roomate series and the Maze Runner series that is going to be coming out soon so if the guys want to support us and help us out here head over to audible.com slash guys show them some love they are great thank you so much audible for for doing this campaign with us because I've always actually been a fan of audible thank you guys so much if you guys want the link will be flashing on screen now and in the description head over there show some support it's 100% free no strings attached if you guys wind up not liking it then you can always unsubscribe give it a shots I actually personally love audible I love what they stand for I love how it's literally reading books to you because I mean sometimes I don't have time to like sit down and actually open a book when I'm driving or something so it's perfect for me but head over there audible.com slash guy thank you guys so much and enjoy the video I participate every deeper deeper deeper deeper deeper deeper deeper deeper deeper deeper deeper deeper dippity line anyway hey why is this on the ground just looking around that's uh that's impressive look I do that I have I have no idea what's happening here but anyway guys welcome back to five nights at Freddy's 4 hide and seek and before this video starts guys I want to say thank you so much for all the support you guys been showing this series it is awesome and if you guys want more to slap that like button let's try go for 20 million thousand trillion likes also guys if you could comment down below what's your favorite thing about Daffy mouse tail but yeah guys play some my Zeke fonta ow why you put on me you want to go oh now now goose now I can taught you and then you'll never catch me Barney if you find me I will give you a sandwich I haven't figured out a place to hide oh god oh god oh god oh god oh god oh god oh god oh god oh god oh god oh god ah ah ah I'm screwed I'm screwed Oh easy easy easy hopefully they will never find me here nobody's she started laughing when I rang the doorbell you'll never find me I'm - I'm - when you can't be when your mouth don't work like you used to before oh hello welcome take a seat you know what leave you there like that like I like that thank you oh nice Thank You Barney you'll never find me you'll never get that sandwich you're never gonna get a sandwich Barney madam if I distract him can I have the sandwich yes yeah yeah you can get the sandwich me Barney look at me the cover is real ah why would you even like why would you not like I feel like how this commentary is gonna be me trying to speak Jess alright go find me I'm an anime convention whoa one moment ago I'm in the beginning damnit descent but you're better to just uh beginning are you serious are you serious she's right there I need this point I need it back up sorry I'm so sorry I needed this point my horse butt in the wall they call me Jojo I wave my snout up in the air sometimes saying ayo give me Oh bro that's that's so random what the heck rickrolling hasn't been a thing for like forever never gonna give you up never gonna let you down never gonna run around you I'm just like partying with all my homies that's all well I gave myself away that was a stupid thing why did I say that I'm running now there's no way I'm staying here oh geez okay let me get out of f5 mode that was stupid I think I figured out how to win you just cry like I feel like if we just cried I'd win I feel like if you take everyone to IHOP you discipline okay would you like to stay I try to sleep get away stay back you tell me where Adam is I'll let you go don't do it Barney now don't it good job Barney didn't he shoot you think about it I didn't want to have to do it Barney you took another one for the team so I'm gonna go ahead and stay here okay Barney do I just have one question do you see me or do you see me it doesn't even marrow what did you actually get stuck so I'm gonna be honest after we're all done with this Oh tell you how to figured it out yeah good old one do jumparoo where are you Russ looks like there's only one edge Roz no you ruined the game I'm not dying Ross I'm not dying I thought I would die if you want to get technical my y-position is negative 2,600 what you really can't die no you can't you really can't what the happy and I thought you could die so this worked out amazingly in my head oh my job hug I was hoping that I'd be able to catch up the roster did not work out as planned now we're stuck in an impotent gravity loop until it resets right oh there we go boom I think I got my karma because I'm on the seeker oh I wanted to be a seeker maybe I want to be a secret maybe it's not karma big weenie all right let's go I'm a weenie karma we warm up you ever just like make a joke and then you instantly regret it afterwards and like what is normal all the time what is shwarma it's when bees swarm all over like honey no it's not yeah it is yeah but yeah no it's maybe maybe that's what they call it when bees swarm that was like perfect like it's like it's a wrap with meat and veggies when nobody nobody gets the joke you're throwing down hoping that I knew it maybe she was maybe she was hoping that like the reason people were all like save the bees is because they love shawarma Archer bees Wow Ross I could really say you're the bee's knees buddy oh really I was dancing really we just you stood right in front of me the whole time I'm dancing too but you know I'm not gonna lose because of it I'm just saying you get caught that's the sound of so just such a go right I say Jess you didn't have enough horse oh really that really Mustang for me reference Jess I have to be honest I believe that you can make more reference why would you do that to me how did you find me how did you know I was there not as scary yeah with munching potato got it got it get the burgers there big moment come on come on maybe maybe we'll find out in a second here I'm so proud of you son can I just clarify one thing Ross is not my kid no matter how much you guys want him to be in the comments he's not my son no they think you brought the brother I've seen notable things like he's my time traveling son from the future don't even look that much like you just have fluffy hair like I do any glasses that's it if you guys see me as Ross comment down below and if you see Ross as me then Freddie super awesome oh boy if you guys like you 
yeah we came in 11 yay yeah you serious any guys got him with Ross and today we are playing team build battle and what we have we have like seven minutes to create something crazy a tree house no this music is just automatically created by the game yeah hold on wait this I feel like I just need to do this do we really even need to build anything when we can just show them our dance moves no of course I understand it's a tree house oh yeah let's build the most amazing treehouse ever but anyway guys before this video starts guys if you want more build battle make sure to slap that like button and comment down below I guess what you'd like us to play next and I guess we'll do that for you and yeah let's try and get this stuff that's not like 30,000 bikes or build battle because I just don't know how you guys like it like I don't know if you guys do it or not so what feedback would be awesome what you thought on the treehouse like how should we just make a crazy like insane treehouse I got an idea since we only have five minutes bigger is not always better you know it's gonna be it's gonna be awesome don't worry all right how's this looks good actually looks like a decent branch I'll work on the trunk you work on the branches okay and we need like a platform to stand on you know don't worry man I'm a genius when it comes to this kind of stuff make this actually look like a decent treehouse I'm gonna do a ladder is that cool to get off totally chill or should we call it fort awesome yes awesome fort no girls allowed oh I'm gonna put the sign on what are you working on right now stuff good call I got I personally am trying to work on making the ground look nice you're trying to work on things while I work on stuff oh my god we're working on things and stuff at the we're multitasking I know it's crazy dude some people call us visionaries I call myself and there are no leaves yeah I'm gonna start putting leaves you should I would these are cool kinda looks like an octopus I like him octo tree yes this summer this summer one man is on a mission a mission to build the octo tree Matt Damon is should we start working on the fort like Pete should add like fences so we don't fall I mean you want to fall off the tree for break your leg how would we do this actually now that I think about it probably wouldn't need these huh awesome scared we had an idea now I don't know what we're doing I was just trying to play off your idea man I'm scared I'm scared Ross I don't know all right let's start with the basics my name is Ross your name is Adam yeah that's true that's okay okay we're on the same page so far all right what are we doing yes that's that's where I keep getting lost all right what game are we playing what's the warrior what yeah we're playing Terraria should we should we have like a couch yes can you leave up the rest of the thing and I'll blow the couch yes I got this signs already in my inventory this is great this is a good tree crap how much time do I have 20 seconds yeah we're screwed no we're not man no we're not you know I've been thinking a lot about Gordon Ramsay lately all right give me a TV show Hell's Kitchen all right beeping up with yeah yeah and yes okay we're watching Keeping Up with the Kardashians on our TV oh okay completely swamped I'm gonna I'm gonna say this was an epic I'm voting epic yeah I was actually pretty good we did not oh here we go here we go legendary legendary come on legendary we can't vote for Owen plot oh I'm seeing a lot of red blocks in people's hands that is that bad they're voting day voted poop why would they vote poop you know what you know what I hate all of you now I'm devoting super poop on everyone everybody it's not how it works super Adam you should you should probably vote superb that's uh I've no idea what's happening here so that's poop yep you know what these guys these guys insulted me I my feelings are like actually devastated what if we win and I just kind of messed up like what everyone was doing pretty good this one actually is dang that is really good I like that one that's good oh wait this one's kind of good I'm putting good for this one I like this one it's pretty good this is this is a weird one I'm gonna say so it's okay like I'm very confused there's like a tree and then they why do you walk on leaves though like when you just fall through yeah okay I like the ground yeah we came in a weapon yay yeah you serious Wow well that's awful next round all right let's do this God my feelings I gotta leave I'm really sad no I can't do this by myself a kangaroo Adam Adam are you okay yeah lose it a little bit of time let's do this all right kangaroo okay how would we do a kangaroo I have no idea wait a minute you know what I know how to do this check the third don't get dis clay right orange stain clay yes watch and then boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom alright these are little feetsies okay I'm gonna build one how far away yeah probably right there okay then the feetsies go up right here right all right I like this see we were just letting them think we were bad before yes absolutely it's actually the best it's one of those it's what is that cool we're hustling them yeah we're hustling them and then we're gonna come in with the straight fire actually real talk is not horrible looking no it's not terrible is this an okay tale yes we need to give them boxing gloves yes when we're done we'll give them little Mack boxing gloves little megiddo bit should we focus on little kangaroo after we finish big kangaroo you can wear yeah yeah yeah let's build this up a little higher let's get the body I think this is actually not horrible I don't know it's way worse all right okay we should make him like a little taller oh the pouch yes we have to make the pouch don't we yeah I feel like this looks bad no no because I'm gonna do how it works no no no it looks more like a pouch yeah yeah we will like right now don't we should we do that should we make him a different color yeah let's go brown let's just do hardened clay because this looks more like yeah alright yeah ok ok this is actually not horrible it's definitely not good but it's not horrible wait a minute this is actually not hot horrible we're not that bad dude this is great treehouse was just a super broad subject okay boom this look like a little kangaroo yet yeah well it's it's identifiable of yes I can tell that's a kangaroo okay cool alright now let's give them little eyes we're color little mixed boxing gloves those are those are green can you put the boxing gloves on because I have an idea and I think you'll like it we're running out of time though yeah I know what I was gonna do for the eyes watch this what do you think yes that's good let's go okay yeah we are running out of time it might be headless if it becomes if we have to rush we'll just put a pumpkin on the head no we can't do that but sometimes okay can you do the head again because I don't know how you did the head then you have to finish the gloves dude all right I will do you're a better builder than me I've learned the neck Oh God we're running out of time okay okay well we might we might just be able to make this we might just gonna make you do this we gotta hurry though we gotta hurry is that how big the heads gonna be no no no no no ears here's you do here's you do ears I'll do the nose again I I in the nose okay what do you think wait yeah no you know that was no no that's good that's good that's good boom just like that perfect what is happening to you are you dying no my throat oh I just gotta take us there we got water oh that was not that bad white what the heck is this that's super poop so hard on ours they had better work hard on there that was the best kangaroo of all time best day of all time hey rules 2015 tanker 2015 oh okay hi I'm one okay as well that's a team get on our level nerves why did no one build this one you're the best cuz they got intimidated they knew that we were hustling in this whole time they're like oh wow these guys are too good this one's actually that's never mind it was good at first and then all of a sudden it just completely like I'm gonna go okay because I see you can see the legs you can see the legs you see the effort oh this one's a lot it's like more like a giant demonic bunny if anything I'm gonna go good it's good it's good I feel like if they had if they had used like a clay or something that's a bunny that is a that is a bunny rabbit okay bunny oh wait look that's us hey I didn't see us here we go legendary legendary legendary legendary come on guys legendary come on come on come on legendary what come on they voted for us because ours is like legit the best one here so farst not being biased I think we did do okay hey I'm serious and they just Voight voted crap because of spite I swear this one's kind of cute I'm good because it's cute cute yeah this one is this one's okay okay I won't good not not epic but good it's good it's good are you serious are you serious we lost to this this one did we come we came in second second how do we lose well at least we didn't come in last you know what I'm just I give up I this game is so rigged this game is so rigged I don't thank you guys so much for watching this was rigged if you guys liked this commentary I don't know why you would actually did it okay this is really a lot of work we did a really good kangaroo that was my favorite kangaroo in the world and I want that kangaroo in a shirt that kangaroo is the best kangaroo that's hashtag kangaroo guys in the comments down below tell me how good my kangaroo was this is lame alright commit bike you 
honey are you sure this is even the right way I thinking so hmm that's not very convincing I can't stop thinking about what we saw dude I know I just wanted to get it far away from that as possible I mean once we get to DC dude like everything's gonna be okay we're gonna we're gonna see Nick we're gonna see ghetto we're gonna see all these people that you think or at least you said are like pretty much snow you're sorry yeah they're good they're good I can't waiting to see them I just like ah Barney said stop rushing ahead dude like  I so nervous though because nervous why are you why you running in the middle of a forest what if you walk into a walker dude god you're not knowing this I got crossbow yeah you got a crossbow it doesn't change the fact that you brought you freaking you freaking froze up when we were near the frickin Haworth dude come on you can't why I need for dad no what what he froze up like I don't know he he just wasn't himself what yeah yeah they capture you it was bad situation I can't it wasn't good it's it's not it's not like it's a big huge deal it's just I mean I understand that you were scared but I've never seen you like that it it just worries me because what important another situation like that I just I it's it's not necessarily that he froze up don't don't you're getting it wrong it's not necessarily that he froze up I know it he was just gosh yet he was just a little scared I mean yeah we did get you and we got you hey I still have another one of your candy bars you want it sure you can hold on to it if you want it or I don't really I don't really need it you're really quiet too yeah I mean what am I supposed to say it sounds like you got scared at the sight of cannibals hey you weren't even there you can't speaking on this subject if they get in the lab so you comment that I don't speak and now you want me to speak okay guys stop stop oh my word he he came with he came with us to help get oh it's he's not he's not to talk to us if he doesn't want to talk to us I mean if he wants to do his own thing let him do his own thing you know she know what is very disturbing is the fact that he is following me and looking behind me this entire time maybe that's why he's quiet he's literally just he's literally just a doctor following yeah well yeah he's trusting your sense of direction let's just keep moving hey wait a minute is the zaxon what's caused all of this oh my god it's completely abandoned it's all gone God oh god I hope Nick and his friends are ok how are we supposed to find them in this wreck Hey I don't know hug but we're having to try we have to try you're right we've come all this way we aren't leaving without them you don't plan on searching the whole city do you we don't have many options left why do you ask we may have rained you time isn't necessarily on our side here gator needs this treatment and fast the talk is right who knows how much time ghetto has left we better get moving get get right there's no points to just eating around all right DC what does the world come to don't worry God finding Nick gether a.k and sharks and everything's will be buried Ross do you remember which way they said that we're gonna go in DC I told them to go to DC and they went to DC oh that's convenient okay what direction did you just say go to DC and then they just went to DC to find the CDC I don't even I don't even know what that is so I'm just gonna go ahead and say let's just keep looking around they went to go replicate the formula I gave to ghetto to stop him from turning into a walker but okay they're gonna be CDC then who's getting a little bit uneasy how come there's no one here oh really this dark empty City what's to be uneasy about well I mean I'm just saying the last time we went to an empty city we almost got eaten Hey yeah well I mean you were sitting in a random Hospital like of course you're gonna randomly almost get shot what if we were abandoned then you would be dead probably to the walkers no knocking saying a weird life yes right he's just a he's just an introvert scientists are like that they're just there's a walker over here what's it Oh looks like it's not abandoned yeah hey hey what what keep it down we're not knowing how many walkers you there's nobody here I have Cosmo okay until we know everything situation I get the killing okay you just want to pick them off man you want to show your manliness again well you also work group to keep quiet yeah that was true that is true how am I am I the only one who's like kind of sad like I don't know about you guys when I was when I was younger I visited this place when I was a kid with my parents and the fact that like everything's boarded up and pretty much destroyed just kind of hits home you know well well I know a lot has changed but really what you expect I don't know I mean when everybody was talking about DC I was hoping maybe salvation maybe this place would be still intact I don't know I was hoping for something real Nikki dark inky give us well I don't see them all right just everybody be a little bit careful though I mean if there are walkers and we don't want to be caught off guard you can't catch the body off-guard cetera it's at the monument man it's it's destroyed it's gone it's kind of beautiful in a sad way yeah kind of like nature's taking back its planet you know nature overcomed it yeah I don't know everything there I feel I feel weird I feel like I know our once-great center city of our entire united states is just gone it's just it's making me lose hope you know don't feel that way this is supposed to be like one of the most important places in our country and it's gone hey go just write those what about everything else it is what it is we can't changing the situation you're annoying this already we haven't seen this cheap lies place in how long we'll know that you can't expecting somebody a friend let's just keep looking whatever it's it's weird though it looks like it looks like this place has been like a battlefield of some kind you know there's there's sandbags there's barbed wire it looks like it looks like stuff went down here and where Walker is normally there's a walkers for the in the city morning maybe there are people here I think we need to be careful yeah Elihu I love the Nick here you're thinking someone else well I mean look at it look at it this way I mean last time we were in Hayworth the entire place was abandoned we thought right through I think we should be on guard actually you know what yeah no okay so I was checking the I was checking the tops of the buildings to make sure nobody was nobody was scoping us good you're just getting paranoid what's in these dresses look no way boys what for why are there guns no who are you he's right there's no ammo huh what they have an m4 Oh perfect oh this is perfect should we use all the ammo they don't we can't use this no ammo but we'll probably find him I mean if there's guns there's got to be animals somewhere you know there might actually be ammo in here do you want to you're careful hold on you should probably okay it's good I'm not climbing all the way up there I'm afraid of heights it doesn't even look like we can it looks like the stairs are broken what happened here like stairs up Wow there's an no way there's an mp5k what oh this gun but no ammo it's the torture I mean that would be I'd be good to keep with you Barney honestly there's more pain in med packs in here perfect perfect you grab those stock up on whatever we can find guys morphine would be great for your leg I'm gonna keep that okay guys we need to keep moving it's it's it's like I don't even know what time it is but if we're gonna find shark in an aka and and Nick and everybody then we should definitely keep moving wait wait how was building I mean I'm gonna just see if I was Nick I would head towards the I'll head towards the white house no there go the CDC I'm pretty sure the CDC would be located at the white house it might be I mean do you know how many corridors the White House has it's amazing it's probably it's probably got like underground bunkers in there man wait a minute look outside there's fires which means which means people are probably still here I mean they would have they would have gone out by now right or things would have burned down these these look relatively new but that's not a good sign for us it's not a bad sign either maybe Nick and everybody's here and they light a fire everywhere that's not like them I mean it would draw attention of walkers and other people like bandits should we go or should we stay no that's the worst why are we even fighting about it oh I'll go pick them off man if we fight like you said if we fire a gun everything every we're gonna alert every single person here okay okay going he's go behind the tree yeah I'll be right behind you daddy you know it's you know it's kind of funny I never got to uh I don't think any of us ever have to actually go behind the defense at the white house you know what we should do we should sit at the presidential chair you can't taking my picture what camera exactly okay you just ruin my dream okay all right we should probably keep moving I think I've got a good feeling you know I'm pretty optimistic what I'm good everything here though there is fire everywhere yeah you know you just completely killed my optimism well looking there's like explosion to ground what is this what the heck is this this look like a building that was destroyed it's like completely like it's even falling apart alright let's just keep let's just keep moving I'm getting uneasy guys draw your weapons alright I got my knife I'm ready I'm getting really uneasy everyone's ready yeah move you 
artistic genius and just just bad alright hey guys sky here with that guy Barney uh where's Ross Ross Matt and okay here we go alright let's get my zone here ah you're gonna die with it now and today we are playing build battle ok crap so we're going right into it every single time we play build out we will write into it but anyway guys roses right in I know anyway guys if you guys want more build battle make sure to slap that like button and comment down below that you do and comment something how was your guys day I want to know how your guys's day was because I'm actually genuinely curious I do read all my comments so jess are you good at build battle I'm actually done ok so it's gonna be bad then how was your packs did you have fun a pack I had there were so many events paxton to that oh my gosh and like make sure I was ready for all oh my god I met Scott as my craft I heard he's a jerk yeah he's a real jerk Wow how are your panels I heard that you had some pretty fun panels that you did I did I had it I had a I had a panel with captain Jordan I mean captain sparkles alien and it was awesome it was so cool dude they're cool I love they are they're fun people they are they asked me about I hop during the panel did they really yeah what they talked about I'm sorry I missed your panel so I'm done a bad friend yeah we're also to my panel you fell asleep during it yeah yeah I slept during the panel but really wasps come on man Roz Roz did you really why did you fire your panels dude this is starting to look amazing you guys should be worried this is like kind of the best thing I ever made I'm just not worried okay oh my gosh yeah I don't have enough time I don't have enough time I don't have enough time oh no oh no oh no oh no oh no oh no oh no oh no oh no oh no come on come on come on come on come on come on oh oh no okay okay there we go there we go yes oh oh okay that one uh that one's okay it looks kind of like a pig face you notice that I see it oh that one's okay I circled around it and it's okay it's okay honey yeah shining diamond it was okay what do you guys think that's jellyfishing jellyfishing jellyfishing jellyfishing looks more like a hug like a tennis right yeah yeah fly up and look down okay okay yeah it's too much work Barney what what the heck is it it's it's it's okay it's okay I'm not gonna say it's good we're good it was okay I'm just being friendly okay Oh spongebob what the heck that spongebob is actually kind of terrifying this one looks like this looks like if there's a bunch of like ketchup and mustard mixed together yeah exactly that sort of what the heck happened here what is happening here everybody knows poop Wow okay all right I'm gonna go this was pretty epic I like the face on it was like oh this is so cute well us right for us it looks like a piece of poop on the top Thanks I put okay out now one lets you wall-e plug beat mine you know what Jess this is this hurts me yes sir I knew this I knew this game would tear our friendship apart I knew this game was are far apart all right focus focus focus Adam so cool yeah my gosh I have just messed up I am realizing very very very very quickly how much I messed up by doing this this is gonna take up like all my time Animus take the star right-click it and you can put plot floor you drag a piece of sand under that and it changes the floor into sand what yeah why didn't you tell me that I just did no no I wasted half my time Oh God I can I got one shot and I think I know what to do I just have to make it look cute guys I failed you I failed you viewers what about to happen in 30 seconds oh no oh no screwed up I screwed up so badly all right there we go I got the cute thing there we go here we go everybody I'll give it a hat won't go down I should make a mouth yep there we go it's so cute ah it's Boop it's super poop that's good how cute is that oh my god you can see Adam where you tried to fill in sand I know I know hey what okay you say was super poop no I'm about to vote super poop for you Barney I'm pretty sure that was Barney's armours did this is actually it's actually pretty good so I'm gonna go good boom that one's pretty yeah yeah we're gonna epic for double with the cactus oh oh my god we just we just found our winner we just found our winner this looks like a cucumber with moldy this is a cucumber with mold on it whoa all right just stop waiting just you're not fun to play with I thought mine was cute I got third again though hey Barney what did you get artistic genius and just just bad this is the final round can just have a perfect three win streak I'm gonna I'm gonna get in my zone now Jessen we're building a book I've never even seen one okay let me see here crap dokey now I've been even started yet okey dokey hopefully this is all right three minutes Wow two minutes already passed what yeah time flies when you're playing this game oh my gosh I just realized like this is just ugly this is super ugly oh my gosh oh no I have no confidence and I build whatsoever so yeah this one is actually stumping me ah like a tree haha alright I'm okay with this it's definitely goes down what yes you're going down it's alright it's a it's a decent looking book this is a decent looking book oh no I put the sign down at the wrong time it just as please but oh this kind of looks like a but I'm gonna say I'm feeling good I'm feeling good about this looks like an accordion not to be rude but I see an accordion I see poop all right so this is like I was just like random things in there what the heck is this nobody's gonna be able to read that in time yeah Barney owner didn't have any house because he was broken because he ate all that I happen in the world he had to explode so scattered whoa Ross whoa this looks like an accordion too this is a credit card I see piano what do you guys think yeah on the back side no I love to block in don't look at it don't look Oh what is this Barney what is this oh oh you see the book it looks more like a looks more like a phone book though I voted good it was good word Ian my god this is a good accordion captain Katie doughnut this is a piano so um I like pianos so I'm gonna say this okay I feel like no way did you like my little sign vote please it was because your story was too long but anyway guys that was a build battle if you guys like this commentary to the channel click that like and the subscribe button also make sure to check out his channel description below because they're all beautiful people and I guess with that being said guys I will see you guys later you 
so Oh what was so are we gonna do anything or what what you mean yeah this is what we do we sit on the couch no I mean else it's Halloween guys come on are you for nothing what's this Halloween hello Barney you're joking right no what's this Halloween Halloween is the most magical time of the year where everybody dresses up in costume and goes around and harasses their neighbors for candy but we could just go buy candy I mean we don't really need to go get free get free candy Ross exactly yeah and if you don't know what you know what guys let me just explain to you in song about Halloween just tell me fine fine Halloween is what exists said dress up in costume go harass your neighbors get free candy it's gonna be awesome we should do it costume yes we're gonna go cheating a little old to be trick-or-treating man we're not kids anymore oh okay so I can't go trick-or-treating just because I'm 22 yeah 22 year-olds don't go trick-or-treating on Halloween anymore dude okay then we could just buy candy tomorrow no you know what Ross free candy just think about it look at that look do you see the signs that I see free candy my excuse to go dress up exactly are we really gonna do this well nice I mean I like the ice yeah freeze candy but I don't have costumes what Arnie you you are a costume what wait all right you guys whoa wait what's your meaning you're a giant dinosaur that's exactly you're a cost you're literally a costume hey man yeah you guys have fun with that I think I actually have a no costume a couple of years ago that I could they go get dressed go together come on I got God I gotta push down and I costume Wow trick-or-treating oh god I'm so excited guys guys yours do that every time and you're always hurting yourself dude it's fine I'm totally fine wait what are you Jen oh I'm uh I'm revin from Water emblem like oh yeah that's that one from the smoosh game yeah yeah the tactician tip the scale that sort of stuff yeah why does he want to tip the scales you like trying to gain weight or something trying to tip him the other way oh wait yeah he's like gonna like put like seven sensors try to lose weight bro oh maybe it's the scale of justice I thought he was just like trying to tip it like the Rosco you what do you mean I'm you know I've been watching a lot of anime lately yeah yeah I'm princess with a gun oh yeah you should put that gun away why because that's it that's that's bad but that's your signature weapon yeah but you're walkin around you might cause trouble I just leave at home or just I just pocket it pocket all right Barnea do I even need to ask what you are okay cool all right let's get going guys trick-or-treating oh boy you know now that I'm actually like in costume and walking around on Halloween night something about this actually seems pretty you know cool nostalgic right I'm so excited you have no idea for me I feel like I feel like I'm a kid again something about this actually seems pretty exciting dude it's gonna be awesome you don't wait wait a minute oh no no no no we gotta go back boy Wow because we don't have anybody to watch the house for trick-or-treaters what oh why is your need to have someone watch the house for trick-or-treater because trick-or-treaters are gonna come up to the house and they're gonna ask for candy but thunder muffins can probably handle it do you think thunder muffin can do it well I mean he throws parties all the time he's good with people all right if you say so I dunno chicken really candy for us what's wrong with him Thunder muffin should be fine yeah I don't see any but God do you understand what this means now that thunder muffins watching the house we're free to go we're free to experience Halloween and all of its beautiful creepy joy it's gonna be great okay so words tiger sounds pretty excited dude use Halloween this is Halloween pumpkin optioning fine guys just get this trick-or-treating thing done with just put like this that great scary thing on their house yes are you gonna ask questions it's entire time Wow well not really fine the Bears the old country they probably didn't have anything oh look Super Mario and Peach costumes is your trick-or-treating and a half are you smart hey this is the one from this smoosh right just smoosh yeah oh yeah look at these guys it's so crazy wow this stream really got all pumped up for Halloween yeah I know guys see are you are you happy now that we're not sitting on the couch doing nothing well ahead of ourselves oh how about this house super super like decked out there's even got like a stay-away sign dude I bet they got amazing candy bars here all right well let's give it a try yeah trick-or-treat candy candy who's I don't I didn't order any candy no I mean we don't need what you want anyway what do you want candy for it's Halloween it's Halloween weird yeah what's Halloween what's that's liesecke like that's like this guy gets me why do you have everything out here if you don't even know what Halloween is my house looks like are you so judgmental wait are you serious like this is what your stay outside he's pretty clear I don't want kids running around in here what do you what do you there's why did you put all this year just to scare away kids yeah of course it's Halloween night kids are attracted to this sort of stuff because they want candy from houses that are spooky oh yeah okay well hey listen man let's let's make it let's strike a deal here all right if you give if you give us candy we'll leave okay I got some candy in the back you kids want to come in that's not really how Halloween works come inside I got some candy over here dang kids always trying to take my candy I'll show them can't believe you didn't even realize that it's like Halloween like yeah like well I guess Barney hasn't heard Halloween so it's not that out of the ordinary you ever use a calendar no okay I got some candy all right cool I'm awesome candy for you is it flat this is fake and some candy for you there you go absolutely there you go some good candy huh yeah right geez no I know no thank you I don't wanna know you don't want my candy wait why wait why don't you want any um cuz this guy all right boss Wow not again can't keep punching everyone in the face ah rot why'd you do this because I prefer to trick over the tree serious Ross Ross that's not funny no no no but Jen do you get it I wanted a trick instead of the tree yes I get the joke I just don't understand how it constitutes violence this guy huh what up fun sucker what you did Ross you have to think I'm too pretty for Jay Dickey hey Jen think good thinkin Jen no let's vacate the premises it's lastly perfect crime run away Ross why do you always do that why punch people in the face for no reason I guess one see when I'm startled did last time you did this the security guard pressed charges oh I'm sorry she had to come out and scare us that wasn't my fault oh dude whatever fine you know there's all this time for Halloween I'm not gonna let this tiny little moment ruin my time okay but don't go it again or I'll punch you in the face don't do that back you startled me hold on Jen Barney back off you want to go no we're settling this whoever gets the most candy wins actually you know what what no you know what I'm not gonna get in a fight with a dude in a dress because I feel like I'd lose and that would be really really embarrassing so yeah let's let's just drop it okay and let's go see our Halloween drop the base speaking of Halloween have you guys seen this block all these houses are so cool I know it's awesome I like how there's so many like kind of like skeletons on the walls and stuff it reminds me of like my youth later on it garage yeah that one's cool Hey whoa sky what what what Nevers my is there as always these pumpkin on Halloween yes dude that's like one of the most liked staple things about Halloween I don't get it you know what you don't have to get it because I do and I'm having a good time and it's gonna rub off on you eventually and you can be like Halloween's great alright oh all right guys over here I think this house is gonna be a good one guys hold on look at this he's got so much candy we could totally take it from him Jane let me go he's got a cool pirate costume and everything yeah you know what fine he's got a cool costume I won't do anything all right good miles this house I think this house is gonna be good you think so yeah so much trouble decorating it all yeah you know what they're probably gonna have like king-size candy bars look at these oh these are awesome thank you so much thank you guys I just did like ten of those candies geez Barney are you feeling all right what's this noise god jeez you know that doesn't sound good back again are we sorry miss but is gonna use your bathroom man I hope he's alright yeah that doesn't sound good at all watch Maddy's you are feeling better yeah your season I can't eating this regulars milk chocolate for that it is not having the proper make with the goat's milk sorry sometimes your forgets to take everyone's is make mistake thanks anyway super nice house well that was weird oh my god ha so wait Barney easy did you tell me feeling better yeah good so I'm super excited guys this was fun a lot of fun tonight I thought Halloween be kind of lame once you got older but no the magics still there yeah was nice being able to wear my princess with a gun costume and not just be alone in my room hey what but but that's weird alright so can we go home now I want to relax no I see tonight isn't over yet come on and we're way past all the house yeah like what no no no no you see we need to have a real Halloween scare we don't go to a cemetery wait we live right next to one I know yeah so let's go we could stop by it on the on the way home let's go then yeah short stop I don't mind sure so you guys Buki it's gonna it's gonna be really spooky guys you guys aren't scared at all no no I mean it's the same cemeteries been there the whole time right not just on Halloween I don't know if you guys aren't going I'm gonna go alright fine let's go alright guys seems like now is the perfect time to tell some spooky ghost stories I don't know guys it sounds like a bad idea why are you being such a chicken Ross that's offensive oh sorry and if you must know scary stories make me prone to nightmares as well as break out in hives stopping a lamp it's time now for not only a scary story but a true story this is the story of the axe murderers is more than anyone yes Barney in fact there were two these axe murderers would visit graveyards ones just like this every Halloween night looking for victims victims like Ross that would be telling stories of the axe murderess that's foreboding as well as oddly specific it's just a story roster payback feels good you smell terrible take a shower you 
would you stop dropping toast you're messing up my junk make it right I know how dramatic scenes happen normally like rain yeah but that's the toast you're dropping toast alright hey guys Scott here and welcome back to another episode of do not laugh and before this video starts guys I want to say as always thank you so much for all the support you guys have been showing my my channel my series and everything I do and if you guys want more make sure to slap that like button comment down below hey die we want more now I'm being a gracefully joined by the we got the beautiful Jen bop over here we got the Ross and then we got the yeah yeah yay here comes alright ahh how is he doing that his looks are really dumb part 11 12 13 14 15 16 you go for a while welcome to the entire video ladies and gentlemen yep this is uh gonna be a bit yes you should really consider changing here now that's okay it's like are you okay are you darling I hope your vision if you haven't never played you off before pretty simple concept first person three points wins in order to get points you have to make the person in the central laugh so I'll just since you haven't been here for a while you won't get in the center right here sure yeah make me laugh Jess it's been a while since we hung out so I feel like we should do something together as a as a team activity mm-hmm go ahead and grab this parachute in order to you in you're gonna actually have to uh to uh click the right click button and no well will jump off together are you ready to go okay yeah all right cool ready let's go now just be careful cuz there is one thing this uh this place tends to be roaming with pair bears there's tends to be bears on Oh God oh there's bears everywhere okay look out Oh get down smear oh no oh nothing No oh yeah pretty good all we know I got it just left okay taarna oh yeah right knee up like flying squirrels were flying bears boys account if I get it later I mean I mean oh hey I'm be sad no don't think of me I enjoyed it I enjoyed going down the parachute with you in the flying bears I appreciate the effort that way what 90 days leave your words I really did I wouldn't last if I had gotten it this is how we go sorry I laughed when I shouldn't have this so my disappointing for me sure you got it because I guess yay all right don't make sure I'm never gonna laugh at any Jessi jokes all right Roz I'm a lady laughs okay and I'm showing you my favorite thing the fact that he's in a suit is like already starting to cracking up right all right what I don't take this out very often but oh you can look but don't touch please that a rock yeah it's pretty pretty high in rock I don't know how to shut the case ha ha ha ha Jinjin you're crazy gin gin oh no Jan that was his rock okay okay but you see now that gin is taking it mm-hmm I don't know why the piece of bread made me laugh here shut the case maybe you break it up wow you're gonna have to pay for that bread oh it was a rock was it are you calling my bread a rock Wow I mean it depends I know you like your bread stale so I don't know she now she now she says you're stale oh my gosh jokes all right oh man good job on my job now know me so long am I gonna become a game of trouble down there don't know just kill myself be back I just gave myself the point anyway become kinda cool well I mean I love can't do that I did laughs well if we're big into that one I just you know wow just one all right so uh gin you want to make Ross laughs uh you try there you go three six around boom piggy pal begging fellow Oh buddy Oh No I'll save you now packing Paris yeah yeah now breathe pancake man bake a bell breaking memories oh my gosh yeah baby call I had to say pancake pal man the syrup the serve just killed me all right I was in fact that you had to drink this Europe and spit it read the move table closer commitment right there alright Jess make gin laugh okay Jen turn around what am I do don't laugh at anything she does she didn't laugh at their joke Oh tell me gin like um what was on your mind when you were teenager uh I'm not sure if I'm allowed to say that in this video well that's for videogames how about that let's say video game okay yeah video video games works that's probably good game oh that's good so Jen what kind of video games did you play fire emblem why did not see that coming also firing boom I did not see that coming heard you like Star Fox emblem Zelda The Chronicles of halo reach so sure almost got me to laugh sorry Wow trying to steal my thunder yeah with my bear jokes Wow can't believe that why would you do such a thing okay genomic obviously I don't know your jokes a little bear okay haha do this yes now why don't you walk inside I want to welcome you to our grand opening of hooters and there's nothing here oh yeah look at them they're like they look stupid but they're so cute don't bring I was gonna give you a Slurpee because that's what we were serving like an orange Slurpee and here you can't have one too no this looks like poop in a rainbow cup nice yeah actually the heck it does builder people cup since like someone took a dump did somebody took a dump into a 7-eleven cup oh this sure is unbearable Hey okay make make me laugh alright it's my turn yeah alright let's do this come on take a seat oh hey Jess I'm so glad that you could join me here at all of garde it's an enjoying I'm having a really good look baby hey what's that over there you see that huh let's that's crazy no just look over to just keep looking okay my gosh that's that's crazy I don't right cool wow that's actually really good the foam baguette no my only qualm with this even though it's freaking hilarious is the fact that when sticks aren't that big it wasn't a breadstick it's a full bed yet what they also did I olive guarded definitely try we'll just look at the way like moves his head back and forth watch oh the second I saw like uh this this hat on baikinman I was like okay I have to do this alright I'm in the center uh rossman left came up with a pretty cool dude de yeah I'm gonna put have you ever heard of me these be seen these boots before oh yeah he's from Portal yeah you know what they do right yeah they make sure that you don't break your legs ya know watch this see oh why didn't you put the boots on yeah that's second thought second give me sec let me uh let me just just okay you can just grab the boots yeah you turned him yeah you're turning him you're really struggling what there we go okay okay right now I got the boots all right you got put the boots on I'm not mark alright so maybe new plan I'm gonna toss these down here I'm gonna land in them you're not still okay good job Ross you did it hey there's a hooter down here all right Ross you love it really I think the fact that you failed to get the boots out of the frame just killed me more yeah yeah that was uh that was pretty funny yeah alright Jim make him laugh okie dokie Roscoe head and face is my friend yeah yeah these Arnold's making a guest appearance on do not laugh yeah alright I need that I need I need to give me a couple seconds to build this thing do Flemming gotta build it around I'm turning right I am but the magic of editing it's now finished okay okay all right it's not going around Ross right let me come back down here the hag is me I'm gonna be the greatest pokemon trainer that ever lived and I'm gonna go ahead and start my journey by exploring the depths of the ocean and catching those guys just like wait wait Jean go back go back goodbye goodbye well I got dark get it because because it's black wall ha ha ha ha ha ha I was gonna say because did the crew water / dark hypo coconut month yeah no it's a water poison Jess Oh Oh God oh my god Wow that'll be Jess you don't know your pokemons I don't remember they change they got like some no steroid they got new types I don't know I feel oh c'mon is literally the one that's just an ice cream cone you mean vanillish yeah yeah there's actually an ice cream cone poking Mike we flash it on screen there yeah that's what you resorted to oh okay Ross is right is this soap or water test poison Pokemon you're fine my favorite one is got to beat rubbish so let's just put eyes on a trash bag not really what it is yeah oh my god come on all right Jimmy if you want to get before you want to get technical Geodude was just a rock what I called trubbish trouble is that we're like it did all the other a.m. on come out of trouble whatever though right we'll do it Jess make Jen laughs nah general Ranjan sorry Jen have you ever wanted a puppy yeah kind of yeah although there are a lot of work okay well have you ever had a puppy no you haven't had a puppy oh well you know what's better than a puppy what hello let me up hey my name's Spiro you can now have your own little dragon puppy they are so adorable they come with their own little dog dog house I get help with the yes rock again Spyro you can't get it down resisting ha ha ha like is you working okay this is getting a pretty this pretty pretty close getting these word is pretty yes close alright Adam did you take it all here ma'am I could make just laughs Ross stop all right Jess are you ready for the best joke of all time all right I got your banner she's so small I'm adorable huh hello Jess it is I Here I am give you building block to future here you go I have given you build block to future know what I need you to do is go start building go build the blocks to your future real quick what would you stop dropping toast you're messing up my joke making that really know how dramatic scenes happen normally like rain yeah but that's that's toast you're dropping toast those are the building blocks to my future to your future thanks but the bread ya know the kinds of blocks back what blocks much okay Thank You Ross I think I help diamonds here you go these are the building blocks to your future go build something real quick and I'll be right back go go go okay building blocks to your future hey you've been building for quite a while now it's been in 30 years good cuz your future you've been building you ruined my joke Rhodri to toast you caused me to lose this I lost this now yes ugh stop are you happy hold on you you think you are but I still got one joke left Jess come here just just you got it gotta get out of this dragon persona man is starting to creep me out but it's the part of my face man is this a real me Mom my name is funny laughs but Jess you're gonna need to come on in here with me not just in business and just envision the scene okay this is uncomfortable I know want me to do go just yeah but the paragraph jumping now you just need to envision the scene with me all right okay in the dark my heart started beating but I knew that he was coming for me as he got closer his eyes started to appear in the darkness boogie boogie ha ha ha ha ha ha ha hey could you actually see that boogie boogie all right got it did I make you laugh yeah there I was actually closing my eyes and I opened them like at the wrong moment I was just listening to your voice and moving my mouth sir boogie boogie I like it like it doesn't even fit my character's eyes I got you eating I got two guys coming out of your mouth you got teeth eyes ah anyway guys I was doing this because hey hey guys look at me I'm a South drop in the hottie big day before duck puppet I'm a psycho monster temperature makes Jim pea soup fire I was sake ha hey guys thank you so much for watching if you guys liked this comment area near the channel click that like and a subscribe button also make sure to check every channels out in description below because they're all beautiful people anyway with that being said by good ah do that the floppy arm subscribe for more you 
if you sell out your friends I will take I hop my treat yes in the back behind the stage welcome back to our five nights at Freddy's for losing super awesome funtime mega super yes oh my god what's up Yuma got to put the sash tech sky Lux and today our play already over doing let's stop hitting me quit that hey I am joined here with the wonderful laughs mouth the Barney who seems to have shrunken legs and Ross I don't even know what's happening with you anymore I just I don't even know what to do with you anymore man you just crazy and then yeah haitai alright but anyway before this video starts guys I want to say thank you so much for all the support you guys have shown in the last episode and if you guys want more five nights at Freddy's hide and seek make sure to slap that like button and comment down below hey I really want more of this awesome game this is really cool and also comment down below Thank You Jess because she's awesome but um yeah so uh I just go ahead and get this started then Oh am I the seeker right off the bat on the secret I'm on fire I'm on fire that's I don't even know how you did it we're gay what what why why did why did I catch on fire I don't even understand what's what's going on with them Adam if you were to catch fire why are you doing that now I got a one oh yeah and I know exactly which way you're headed okay Rossi you know the thing is Ross you uh you're done dere dahm do dahm hum de l'homme dum dum Mee where'd you go where'd you go where did you where did you just go west winds where did you go Ross how did you do that how did you give me a slip like that with the happy flipper II okay I'll buy ya come back mr. slippery what the heck they did it again where did you go right you had direct eyes on me no I didn't you oh my god I'm gonna tack yeah I did I'm gonna attack you so bad I couldn't I couldn't punch him cuz my flashlight was out I'm with Ty there's your hand oh look at this a little me Hey I can't even blow this right now I was just I've never been given the open as an open door let's all just make sure nobody talks so that Adam just sits you're like oh man fill up the commentary please just type everything Jess hahahahaha sandwich is Barney sorry that was Barney laughs might covered the screen there I know oh hi buddy no hi you wanna give me a high five they go oh did you turn into plus room hi why thank you d'accord I'm so amazed that you gave me such a lip if you sell out your friends I will take I hop my treat yes in the back behind the stage are you serious wow he's not even here you lied to us No as soon as I said that imported the thing is ty may have left but I didn't at least you stick by your guns but what is ruined right I think my plan worked cuz I think ty did you did you make it I I did did he book did he bucket where did you go I sold him out got I have and II live yeah I mean yeah but dang it you got we have to give him I hast all read oh I passed me like literally all ran right past me no I didn't where are you yeah you're good time oh yeah where are you is right in here we're sorry are you serious oh it was right here I like that doesn't it oh no way are you serious I'm pretty serious I'm serious I have no idea what it's real bro my tie it looks like that dieting is going fantastic for ya your diet looks like a fantastic yeah dude are you serious like I look like you're burning some calories I was run hahahaha thank you that was hot wait wait what hahahaha no awkward is in here yeah we're just gonna blunt after blunt after fun without him uh see do you guys go No yeah do you like it yeah that's exactly right oh my god actually I'll do you hate to tell you guys where I'm okay I can hear people moving I can hear it hello she's upstairs in the bedroom I want a heart so bad okay I found the perfect hiding spot I just want to throw that out there I totally did III listen here man you listen here man there's a freaking cheeseburger right you why are you inside the five nights at freddys nobody actually goes in there I did you guys invite me that's true yeah ty I'm literally outside I'm like not lying I'm know amid a tree you are you're inside I'm I'm I am I'm wrong you are definitely inside homicide I'm promise you I'm trying to give you a point I'm literally safe here out on the tree right here and these are definitely okay I'm if I find you will get me will you get me I help I'll get you I ha I'm can I get I hop - I just want to get out on that yes let's all go to IHOP after this ha ha if this was an advertisement this was probably the smoothest one we've ever done why have they not sponsored me yet I hop please sponsor done freaking dross he's blowing all his money there oh hey I see you ty I'm literally watching you because I'm in a tree you see this I am flashing you down s o s s o Amina I see ty just run by I know I'm literally looking at him I'm staring at him do you see me at least tell me you see me my friend welcome but can you give address the question yes I can stay there though no okay that's the quick one - jumparoo huh oh no I don't know oh god no no oh no no no running away dad did it open the door hello this hello ty you just you just walked right past me ty I love you but God I am this is not it this is not your game I don't know where you are I feel like there's I feel like there's some time no just some bars between us time ty I feel like there's bars between us okay this is a bar this hurts to one side I love my god ty are you sick ah now you got me fine oh okay come here come here I thought this was actually you right here I thought this I read up to this is like done I'm done with this game I'm done hahaha okay now where's Jess no where are you Jackie friend oh yes oh yes literally did you see me and you knew I didn't move you way did you get him oh no we all need a party I bet he's in the tree I bet he's in the tree Oh rich you were in a tree weren't you he was a dirt he was literally a dirty hundred literally a dead ha ha ha ha ha alright Barney let's give it earlier Jess Jesse dude wake up Jess Jess you okay Jackie go back baby Jess you look at hot ha ha ha ha ha the glitter face on fire I've been working out all right so I'm gonna move right here and nobody will be able to find me like perfect word of it well they ever find me is the question that everybody is wondering man they already found you I actually already found him no you didn't can you take me to IHOP because I would like to go yeah hold on let's go ok yeah I'll leave you alone I see you guys smear no follow me I want to show you I have let's go oh you show me I have dad dad the dirty dirt the dirt you did did did did did I'm really bad at this did to try and did you did too did not working did the dead deer walk around today like amazed by the end I have to dare to dance wait wait word what are we gonna get there this is the long way it did dude I want you guys head on back this far that's Adam oh no furniture Oh what hey I'll give you a big hint to where I'm at where are you I'm at spawn where are you yeah I'm gonna for are you at you hey ha ha ha ha how you doing ha ha ha come here buddy go ahead hi come here you're a mere toy ha ha ha hey buddy ha ha ha ha come on can't get him he's too far back here alright Jess you get that side you get that side I'll get it I'll get this side oh we go yeah yeah you go get him where you go where you go oh yeah no Hey Balloon Boy no not no just have you said it to make me balloon boy every time no you should ha ha ha ha boom yeah I got out of here you big weenie alright now where do we where would he find branya branya BAM Barney Barney ironic tip yeah Adam give give tip give - ok I see the evidence I see the Thai theme I see him I see him where is he wearing these on the roof where's really yeah I see him as well where'd he go oh those are you oh yeah guys my head he's gonna be hahahaha but I won't get my head no go ahead my head was beep-beep-beep you gonna call it he's a car he's got a car he's got a car he's got a car he's at a car he's out of car you're not in the car are you - I was already open are you were you were they ha ha ha you got old not really you told us I did so I can't believe I'm Balloon Boy again can we just can we just like hate this okay I'm at the stage Oh ty why ha ha ha ha ha good never won good job time making sure Ross still doesn't win you got it we've had so many people and I've never won ha ha ha ha ha but anyway guys that was five nights at Freddy's 4 hide and seek if you guys liked this commentary new to the channel click that like and that subscribe button also make sure to check everybody else's channel on this cruise ship super bub because they're all people people also make sure to check out Jess because she made this awesome map and she well I mean I guess your husband made this awesome map but you know you showed it to us so you're awesome and you let us play so you're asking so well anyway guys thank you guys so much for watching I'm sky and I'll see you later recruits you 
hey guys welcome to five nights at Freddy's hide and seek before this video starts guys I want to say thank you so much for all the supports you guys have been showing this series it's freaking awesome and today we're doing five nights at Freddy's for hide and seek so guess what makes this one so much different than all your episodes I was having the worst hair day ever I just I fixed it I corrected it but it's okay let's go home it's fine what makes this map more interesting than the other map which is the same map but not really lovely house right here from these boiler alert five nights at Freddy's minigame hold on guys whoa whoa everybody whoa okay okay stop okay stop you done Ross okay this is pretty much the house so this is pretty dope it sure is buddy yeah guys oh my god oh my god you know what I would actually be very terrified with this Goliath of a thing came at me which one are you I might look five nights at freddys knowledge is not in my Freddie how do I get through doors here's like just suctioning noises yeah it's like a jar of basil butter I love how he's getting scared on this map where the hiders is one person if you get one person that I'm pretty sure they'll carry you actually I can I can't guarantee they'll carry you considering your weight every room I'm not even in the Freddy fazbear's everyone rendezvous at the middle of there's a holler in me and water comes out no Gary's not on my other channel on this channel it just doesn't make sense Gaming down right here this would make a terrific episode of mine pranks oh okay there's party thank you party thank you buddy everyone wait a second another few seconds no don't do it don't do it everyone laughing I mean I can like you looked at me you looked at me Ross turned on me and then you look over here wait he ran into the building Ross oh I don't know what's happening I just am naked he tricked me I can't believe I got away from ya do that Barney did you hear this so he's not in the building he's not in the house where there is cake and cups whoa I'm dropping frames like I dropped mixtapes like it's hot fire the super just monotone I did it on the seeker okay guys so I want you all I want you all to look at me real quick I want you to know that I'm very happy that you're supportive of my my ideals of being a broom okay you're supposed to stay with me a little longer Jess now being a broom it's a hard life you got to do a lot I think he's trying to kill me right now I can't I can't hit you I can't hit him hey sitting here like Superman are you here let me just open this door real quick I just want to redeem myself and actually find somebody awesome that'd be great let's go okay but don't tag me as anybody in the house I know it's kind of weird to ask alright seen this house Korey is maybe Cory is Cory in the house oh no you're not I don't say anyone my hint for you guys is beep beep oh come on I was in the barn II win again no no no what have we done dude it is the apocalypse it is the apocalypse but anyway guys that was that was five nights at Freddy's for hide-and-seek if you guys liked this commentary news channel click that like and subscribe button also make sure to go check out just a channel because she is beautiful people and she has pretty much created all this for us to play on Jess you are awesome Oh Simone go and check out videos as a channel in description below cuz they're all beautiful people and even guys thank you so much for watching I'm sky and I will see you later recruits you 
so should we go in of course that we should go in God this this where the Nick shark Achilles is that we should know about it it doesn't look like anybody's been here for forever this IV everywhere oh there he goes yeah I just like a lazy jet we've come this far already care how to walk back no we're not gonna turn around walk back but we're not gonna just head into everything there's that blood it's straw it doesn't matter we should still be careful how do you tell them we're just looking at it because it's not losing good point this is uh weird it looks like this place was a battleground like their life standing here are you guys sure we're even gonna find the bunker in here this matter I mean you what are we gonna find a bunker in here are we just going into a lost cause because this place looks this place looks really sketchy and I don't want to risk my people you're looking for shark ghetto a K and Nick correct yes yeah I told them sorry about the CDC's less protocol was to head to the White House okay if they're here somewhere then they're here they could be anywhere in this place this place is massive and it's underground tunnels and stuff haha but that might be where they are it makes sense like did you bonk ooh how how we're going in this place so big how we're gonna find them I have I have no idea but look at this place there's like Ivy everywhere nobody's been in here for forever there's dried blood there's crap everywhere and then there's there's Ivy everywhere I mean has anybody even been in here I this just doesn't look like it uh-huh we're never gonna find a bunker in here man there's no way out and the hallways split up there's huge holes huge always going to different directions whoa okay here's the deal we're having to split up what God always goes perfectly God jinxed it doc we're split up for the more ground we can figure out where they Nick shark okay is that okay okay what you're with jet well what why why why we never separate why am i why am I going only with Jess I'm sorry just no offense we need the two power player on the either group we can't putting us one team and then have the weak team with the jet and Doc sleep well the weak team all right come to pee are you saying broken Jenny the hayward you're the one got kidnapped and then you're the one almost got okay okay stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop what hey hey hey hey let's agree that nobody's on any kind of weak team but Barney I do agree with you me and Barney heavy ever since Haworth we've uh we've had more combat experience so I guess that's where you're trying to come from but we're not we're not more more powerful or anything they were just little I've I've never shot a gun oh yeah so doc you're with me you're with me for sure okay just go this way God jet go that way eight be careful okay you too man okay all right well just let's get going then you uh I just can't believe Barney saying that about me I'm not I mean I know got my leg shot and everything but still doesn't he know that a gun is faster than a crossbow yeah but a crossbows silent I'm out of water do Oh you need some water here I have those it's okay I don't I don't need any what's up are you sure yeah no no I'm not really thirsty right now I mean Barney he doesn't he doesn't mean that like he's just Barney he's just just like that I don't he doesn't mean you're weak at all he's just I think he's just trying to look after you that's all I understand and I guess he doesn't want me going with the doc because honestly we just met him and if anyone that I was gonna pair off with it wouldn't be the doc personally boys honestly I've already sense the tension between you guys like hmm it's weird cuz Hawaii what is what is your beef with him honestly I just don't know something about the way he something about the way he acts just really uh-huh just gets under my skin a little bit but at the same time I respect him for his medical knowledge but at the same time it's like I don't know something just rubs me wrong don't you go the same way not not really I mean really I I understand where you're coming from like you've been pretty shaken up since Haworth honestly I I have trouble trusting anyone after what happened but uh it just doesn't seem logical that he'd be out to do anything nasty I mean think about it this way we found the guy put him at gunpoint and then he still patched us up like he patched something and so far he's been nothing but help like he's told us exactly where to go and he lists it off everyone that we're looking for by name what's this I thought it was something it's nothing looks like a little mini garden that's TV it is but sorry I'm just looking for like anything like dude we should really just check all these rooms all the paintings like every bookshelf I'm sure that they hid like the bunker somewhere yeah you think you don't think the bunker would just be out in the open for anybody who's trying to look for it I feel like I feel like you're isn't if it's a place for survivors to go should be out in the open right true but then again if it was out in the open what what's wrong you know what you know what's kind of I used to have one of these and that cost like so many of my paychecks to save up for and then the White House has four of them in one room come on I mean it is the White House they have those tax dollars you know what I mean ha ha this is a this is a write-off we need right here please yeah exactly but now the zombies can enjoy it I guess maybe they're gonna watch like a what would a zombie watch Li Kardashians or something ha ha ha ha Wow I'm just kidding I'm just kidding ah I get it I get it though you know I kind of it's gonna be funny to say this but I don't mind watching them right now if I had a choice between this and that oh yeah definitely did you notice that these paintings are like really really expensive like it's amazing how overtime like if things fall apart we still have art like this that's just warm it's crazy where'd you go oh I'm over here I'm over here oh ok where are you ok huh ok don't split up don't split up like that oh yeah sorry about that I just got you and big ambitious ha ha still not doing so good mmm no oh God I feel like there's so much dust in here a lot of books of course there would be dust in the book room yeah yeah wait what yeah go check up there maybe there's like a secret lover or something I really don't think it's gonna be like that dang it this is this is hopeless we're looking for nothing we're taking the word of some guy who no but then again he did know he didn't know everybody's name he did but is that a good thing I mean I mean don't give up hope Adam you have to you have to think about it this way I mean we're just only searching 1/2 the doc in and Barney are searching the other half so maybe if we don't find it then they will hopefully they what well what a mess we've done what if they find it how are they even gonna tell us um uh actually know what that Barney he'd probably just dream ha ha yeah and then we'd attract all the walkers in the entire DC area is this there's nothing here anything is such a waste of time wait wait wait wait wait no what never mind ah thing it's nothing I thought I saw this shift a little bit and I don't know why I thought there was something here yeah this is this is annoying hey you should take these books yeah what you should take this uh you should take this night staking case hmm guess I need someone to back me up no I need this I don't have any late I don't have anything that's silent except for I mean my fists silent killer huh ha ha ha ha ha exactly hey what is this looks interesting should we should we go down I mean it looks kind of sketchy um does it smell any different I mean um does it smell like dead I mean it smells like smells like a well what am I supposed to be smelling I don't know it just knows no it doesn't smell like that all right Lenny iron here just just take your time go down slow and I got your back I have this night dick so I wanted all too much attention though I don't think we're gonna run into anything since nothing Sasha too much the miracle is completely changing here mmm ok this is getting kind of ah okay this is getting kind of weird make it slow and be careful I'm I have my gun drawn mm-hmm boom what the honey things I don't know what this is what huh what the heck is this there's like money everywhere wait a minute why do you think anyone's in there it can't hurt to ask hello anybody in there hey anybody in there quiet how would this everybody rise I think I hear Nick Nick Nick is that you yes is that you sky I think we found Nick oh thank god you guys hang on I'll get the door open I don't thinking we can get through this way end of the line it would seem then maybe we should go back and they join the others I have a bad feelings here chess it really is you how did you find us a doctor told us he saw you guys and and that ghetto got bit wait who's this and where's Barney oh this is goat Barney failed to mention that he's an actual person and not a goat come on and get in here you're letting a drive through then we could talk about who these golden oh hey everybody come on in there's plenty of room so if this is go hey man my name is sky okay so if this is sky where's Barney we did know where the bunker was so we split up to cover more ground so you guys let Barney alone who's watching his back then no he's with the doctor that's how we knew to head here the doctor is here great he could make me some more left for me leg doctor hold on this doctor what did he look like I facing different directions gray he's a genius he made a formula that saved ghetto although he is kinda weird he's always sounding tired and really just disheartened about everything how long have you been traveling with him bad feelings are usually branded with weakness and fear ah what that was a dose of medicine oh it's been hard to keep track of the days probably about a week why this is bad your friend is not safe what's going on I know this person this dr. Ross right he was my mentor I studied under him but he grew obsessed with changing modifying his patients became steeped and experimenting on innocent people are you sure we're talking about the same person if he's as you're describing then he has to be Ross because no other person could have made something dis advanced why would he help us then it was probably just another one of his experiments ah what you're dead to me I'm feeling weird yeah that usually happens I can't moving well that's a bummer huh even the zombie apocalypse doesn't stop him huh no you don't understand his experiments were to keep a dead body animated he created the first zombies and started the zombie apocalypse you're kidding me no and he's still dangerous we need to find Barney now Walker honey what are you doing that's Barney party don't do this Bonnie listen to me parties please don't do this snap out of it Marty please I can't do this you have to shoot he's not gonna stop that's not Barney anymore you have to shoot no God okay it's gonna be fine it's not gonna be okay it's gonna be okay actually God okay I got teary eyed watching that I cried a little bit before he is so brutal but uh anyway guys as always thank you so much for watching this series which is now on Nick's channel so the rest of the series is going to be on Nick's channel since we have both joined forces go over there show supports if you guys like this series it is going to live here so soda memories but we got into revenge reality revenge oh of course of course you like you think this is gonna go like huh you think this is gonna go easy no it's not no everyone loves Barney yes is there anything else you want to say every Wednesday and Sunday every Wednesday and Sunday thank you guys so much for watching this was awesome to post on my channel Nick thank you so much letting me into your universe happy to have you go check out SGC barbarians channel that's where the series is gonna live it's gonna be awesome crazy stuff is planned it's gonna be dope we'll see you guys later bye so this is Barney's first time watching the machinima um for the ending scene Nick get in here your fault like blurry whoa baby alright let's see what we got here oh god it's getting closer and closer the scenes coming Oh No Savage ha ha ha ha ha Martina oh god Singh the saddest thing ever it's up snap oh what do you think holy dirt what do you think about dying I die yeah what do you think a plus plus put to college college ha ha but uh-oh this guy his channel go they're missing I know go check out his channel go check out his channel it's gonna be crazy there is going to be a lot of crazy things happening trust me SGC barbarian SGC barbarian Oh turning ourselves yes you 
three okay two one rock paper scissors rock oh wait alright hey guys sky in with that guy Barney Ross and caveman films isn't is this your first step hey what's up you the bomb man oh my god I think the Bob all right anyway guys welcome back to do not laugh before this video starts guys as always I want to say thank you so much for all the sports you guys haven't shown my channel pretty much everything I do you guys are awesome you should feel awesome comment down below what's what's your favorite thing about Dan what's your favorite thing about this guy look at his mustache I gotta say it's the Gothic store escapers for life boom and there's the heavens crying Sardo man why no but in all seriousness guys thank you so much for everything and if you guys want to go ahead and slap that like button show your support and also post down below a joke for us to use I actually have right here a joke from you guys Ross you've been working out oh yeah know what what why did we just stop to go all go pokeball so that's cuz you're so so stunning anyway um I guess without these we'll go right into it so Dan do you want to get in the center since you're not your new I'm sure sure alright uh let me go guys do you mind if I take the first joke cause boring it's the one that we practice come on here you slurping up man mmhmm yeah that's just that's what I do man all right let me uh let me just get this ready okay and then alright alright go around your that music yeah that's what's up oh yeah I didn't know you could do that but no we couldn't that we're just mannequins oh alright I'm gonna go ahead and put this really sad pumpkin for a point right yep there we go Sadek momentum uh Ross do you want to go ahead and make me laugh okay um I so look at the scoreboard okay no I don't think you're gonna be scoring that board but huh no I don't understand I don't need any points as long as I got Dan thank you here have a dollar all right I got it finally I can retire see you guys later sucker I'm gonna need you go sit at that table hmm sit right here okay hello sir wanna say uh welcome my restaurant uh good old two-star with Earl here uh we prepped you a fine meal fine meal let me get that on the plate for you there sir there we go ma i watch you eat it all I made that one myself steeped it huh you're gonna have to pay for the broken silverware my mom bought it for me all right so do I just eat this poisonous today I'm gonna I'm gonna watch you eat it all you're my first good okay um eat it mmm sure you didn't put it in your mouth you put it in your pocket sir it's still in your pocket I still find that the most hilarious thing ever well do your friends so I could get a discount if you see girl sent you I'm so happy that he brought back cooking with her hey Earl sent you to Earl beau hey girl you sent me okay what do you guys give me a point okay reach look he did so well that he gets a happy pumpkin come watch it guys go next yeah you know guys I do want to apologize Belle my weight up in it Earl's eaten he's trying to get those points for the referrals Barney if there's a house I'm not gonna laugh on purpose what would you consider a house Ross bricks with a door it's been three years since I walked into the center Barney's still building is set aside you don't even in the center Barney took the center from you kicked me out of the only thing I knew was home oh yes I don't know why but they banished their research facilities I'm here I found this codes read on all right come on miles levels one you got levels why I got a little too oh it's just some spy ah we go should we go deeper levels - all right we're good let's go oh my best all their research is on here I don't I don't like the research all right I can't even read Oh rod oh my god just only have level two ha I got level three I'll be right back I come with you or no you got little Stu whoa I'm coming in anyway oh are you kidding me ha ha ha I didn't even see the ones behind me ha ha ha ha I'm waiting I'm waiting for you to launch an Apple shirt guys in the comments if Barney unlife Arnie unleash an Apple shirt unleashed unleashed only the bracelet he's letting it out onto the world the world isn't prepared the world is not ready for his Apple shirt I was just gonna leave you at levels - oh wait was the joke so that like Ross would like walk outside and see you like coward over the apples no I he was just supposed to get stuck in level 2 and I joke was that hat I am level Street you don't you know get Apple yeah Dan make Barney laughs all right look around look behind you all right I'll tell you when I'll tell you when hey buddy hey it's Frank Hey all right I'm ready daddy's all right yeah am i wait I don't get it I'm too stupid this is Colin Pugh and this is called Oh Oh she can say Han shot first that was all of my creative power so I don't I can't I can't Zoe well Barney was setting up his joke I kind of tapped out and I got Star Wars spoiled for me I hate it man went you baka just cool hahaha dan you're in the center uh boss do you want to go again yeah let's change up the order over here you think he can make me laugh uh no actually you know what I'll take it dan back there just start Ross look at the beautiful Russ what's up I like your scarf is that a Gryffindor scarf oh wait Iron Man look at home in my cry I want to cry mine alright can you turn to your right Dan not all the way though that's okay alright don't move okay alright yep Oh rich oh hello hello from the other side I must've called a thousand dance there we go that beautiful that was so much strategic planning went into this was if this was unedited it would be so cringe alright gonna make you have this is a strong okay we need to patent this I don't know what this is but we need to patent this yes we call it patent call a scientist we broke physics everyone low chance there we go load Shh that's an inside joke me and Barney we used to go swimming in the lake and we had this like one little floaty device right we created float share and it's so that like you can invest in float share if you wanted to use it but it's kind of more of it if you think about it alright uh I guess okay uh wait Dan you'll get in the center way no I mean I'm sure it's my turn okay oh I want to I want to get one nice turn hi everyone oh no you know what Dan gets me come on guys I got a job okay hey how about this we'll do rock-paper-scissors but with words three okay two one rock paper scissors rock oh wait alright how about this how about this how about this both of you type in chat don't like hit enter what you want to do I'm gonna say go and as soon as you see go press enter or we can say rock paper scissors and then after we say Adam o Adam Shh don't I work just fine right ready alright alright we're just we're gonna give it to Barney I'm sorry Dan comes over here I don't know why this sheep is here I'm wanting them here wait where are you I'm buying the scoreboard what the heck so we've been doing lots do not laugh lately and it's come really come up with joke so I got I got a max help or joke he's kind of prepped this one so I you oh so max put this one together for you yeah max help me I'm so lazy max do all the work so let's Barney stand here the press button my expense here press what I wonder is what kind of joke that max would make for me your max hate each other all right that was good Barney those good axe man do you want to take him down yes okay okay turn around beauty really good oh yeah out of like what like 50 what uh Dan you're in the center Ross is back and left yeah all right turn around wait are you looking at the wall yeah oh it's a nice wall oh no I think I hear it coming dude fight me a desk did you wind up beating star wars in the premiere is Alvin in the Chipmunks okay I loved you in the Squeakquel the Squeakquel know that existed hahaha there's four of them man let that seaweed is fourth oh there were three this bull lost you won't get in the center yeah I'll be right is the center uh so who wants to who wants to take next I mean Dan if you'd like to go that's fine I've got a joke that I probably won't make him laugh with so I've got it yeah I'm gonna be honest nothing I'm just gonna do this right now because I had no last joke I just had this hahaha been really sick lately good you yeah Oh God oh hey Jerri hey no I said Jerry look there in time barkal Jerry the Sun Jordan Barney was next in a anything Jerry knew you were alright Daniel you can go ahead yeah I just want to go a joke out no one no one tell Jordan we're gonna have to plant a new Jerry we can't tell anyone about it don't tell Jordan about it we're just gonna create a new one he's never gonna know my jokes really easy you don't get around look did you guys know I used to work at a Cadillac dealership and this guy came up to me and he was like do any of these go from zero to 200 in about five seconds I was like yeah here I'll show you in the next model haha scale oh that's my mornings I can't believe it the pew pew and then the scale oh it ain't your boy one you want yeah wild west man it's a scale it's a scale could get it cuz you can go from zero to 200 Oh zero to 200 really fast oh you know I'm out of here just take it just here go alright anyway guys thank you so much for watching this episode of do not laugh as always guys thank you so much for all the support you guys on my channel and everything that I do you guys are awesome you should feel awesome and if you guys want to go ahead and show your sport you can go ahead and like this video share it do whatever you want with it thank you guys so much for watching I'm sky and I'll see you later recruits check out everybody's channels because they're all beautiful people seriously go check them out they're great don't don't tell Jordan you 
that's gonna open more presents are you guys going with that guy Barney red factor hi back animated backing up back it up back and raking back it up Ross is this how we're gonna start is that we're gonna start alright anyway guys welcome back to another episode of do not laugh before this video starts as always I want to say thank you so much for all the support you guys on my channel and pretty much everything to do you guys are awesome you should feel awesome not gonna ask for a like goal today or anything I will however ask if you could comment down below a joke because we are we are running out of job what is what everybody distracted what is happening what is going on here hey hey guy alright okay anyway concept to do that laugh is pretty simple first person three points wins in order to get three points you have to make the person in the center laugh red since you haven't been here for a while you wanna yeah Cleveland granted yeah I do let's then we're literally playing it right now I mean alright uh do you mind if I you mind if I take this joke cause it's the only joke that I have with him boss morning alright it's the joke that we rehearsed guys all right all right you guys ready turn around turn around red no over there look right there buddy are you serious right now yeah you can't believe blaming man your arms is hard to tell where you're pointing we try to say ah we try which I say your arms is a little little shorter than normals that is so okay well um you'll never catch me we got a 5 to 5 to Red Alert you'll never catch me huh see you later suckers Oh examine fuzzy calls re7 getting in I just get his little arms this time swinging what we're going after him you'll never catch me coppers don't make you laugh you got it yeah you yeah you made me laugh at him your little little baby arms made me laugh hey I like to be called nubby ok alright you're in the middle all right I'll go ahead and take this I'm gonna go ahead and take this point and by that I mean Ross can you give me that point alright my turn uh man all right can I turn around yeah all right it turns around take that buddy a little while thank you all for coming out and to start us off in this boring circus of the circus Eggman's all circus crazy cool oh love you studies hey can cook come on up the rope oh my god hmm hey guys hey guys it's me early not today we're gonna be doing a little bit of cooking up for you a lovely crowd out there Oh Bert is that you Bert Bert I'm on a show I'm not a dungeon beast anymore I'm I'm Earl the three-star chef right so today we're gonna be preparing our ingredient oh my god oh my god I thought oh boy turn this into a thing how did we turn this into a thing I don't understand this all wrong whenever whenever Earl the dungeon beast comes out I just I just lose love like you can just count your points there like don't you beasts no more for I am a three-star chef red you want this runners yeah oh I know what honestly I'm gonna I'm gonna try it I'm gonna attempt this one all right party follow me this way to the chunji of death 3000 oisin so it's simple no one wins this game you just kind of can just lose lose death wah blah blah so it's pretty simple you if you flip that switch and depending on what light comes on depends on how you die oh just just real quick man hey yeah can I not play no no no yeah no choice in this what's wet is Barney always get the short under the stick every do not laugh all right you ready rattie's blam all right so I'm bad with redstone so ends up White's like to choose and I choose this one yeah so this is how this works from here on out Barney I am going to serenade you to death oh no oh my god I love the face even though you don't have an eye but you got a green behind body you're Barney your neck to me like it's ready to freaking transform or why because I don't know why you got it you got the point just just stop all right all right uh red get in the center uh is it your turn yeah I forgot to give animal point why is he why is he red vacuum that's already come but those that support will build this all right you can turn around oh honey I'm so excited oh well hello there pal have you ever found yourself in a gaming situation where you yourself have become a gamer maybe maybe so Hannibal if that is you I stood up on the desk because I'm trying to get more into this a game or water sir ma'am gamer Whataya is made for the gamer by the gamer we have our top scientist Barney infuse this water with h2o to make it a better gaming experience this is water enriched with the things you need to keep on gaming that's a rich waters okay okay Ross all right Ross you win you win I will buy your water cool okay okay Ross you get you get all right I was gonna hold the floor I broke the whole the floor I will exact subscribe all right Ross can I make you laugh no I'm gonna go I don't laughs I'm gonna go ahead and try though all right turn around pretty uh pretty sure I messed this up all right I'm ready haha hello it is me well the Lightning head you're probably wondering lightning head what do you do well duh don't be silly I'm an amazing amazing superhero now you're probably wondering lighting head what are your powers well duh I shoot lightning so check this out oh yeah oh god oh oh oh no a little a little guy just a floating head with the little mouth opening and closing like yeah this done is it I don't know oh wait I am sorry middle hey guys Hey all right who's making me laugh my thorns oh yeah go ahead why not somebody so you all read on rot go ahead read oh it's my turn okay okay follow me on this adventure the adventure of probably gonna be adventure cool comedy oK we've made it to the tree all right that was so hard Shh oh my god it's Christmas and guess what I got animal yes what I've got well Ross the greatest costume I mean greatest gosh darnit greatest toy yes 15 to have a board that actually hovers and it probably won't explode it so that's what makes it the greatest your greatest of all I'm gonna be real with you this didn't make me laugh but Ross's face down here just kills me wait read no come back oh now listen to me I'm going to sock you saying my people can we just can we just come over here and appreciate this real quick yes gonna open more presents we just feed the gremlin he won't feed the gremlin hahahahahaha mine just Ross comes in the houses during Christmas and just steals their train runs off that's why I leave cheeseburgers underneath my Christmas tree so that he won't steal my gifts I don't steal the trees of people who leave burgers all right you know what I did wind up laughing though read you in the center lovely the Brad's got a point Oh Barney you wanna make ma already do it make it left right we can't switched it up let's switch to that right go ahead you can't you can do it Ross I believe in you I just had to be ready back up right now make me laugh ha Oh God we're gonna make red laughs I want to know the best part about this so originally I was gonna it was a joke for Adam Cole I mean you know Iron Man's really uh cutting corners here but then I realized like no no I am red yeah I still got you I wasn't proud of that one um it's a it's okay Ross I'm not taking this off because I still want to be red no Russ Russ just Russ just just jump off but I made you a whole follow the cheeseburgers all right my turn yep I'm just here with my best friend all right yes friends oh my god oh wow all right so right ready okay I'm ready buddy bring it degree that's enough I talked to your friends I loved it all right we've been days for a long time I know you want to be poor but looks I want to spend the rest of my life with you okay I really is there times it's hard so I didn't really have all the money to get everything but in here I got you something that really represents that our love it's that for that what we believe in I know you're gonna say Barneys why did you guys make more money you shouldn't we lost our furniture okay we lose the first house but we never lost the Webb's the web's always holding us together haha oh my god that builds up okay buddy come give me those are accept I do accept right here in the middle you really I gotta go work all right so all's be back hook is there tonight full utility be the love is instantly gone out of the relationship just instantaneously Barney you you stand right here all right I got a joke for you do I sit divorce me dinner okay Barney ready turn around daddy well hey there traveller it's me adventurer skeleton now come on with me we're gonna go on an adventure together let's go the hurry up come on hey where's it goin man come on bro don't worry oh gosh oh no no I forgot laughs tonight a brass relay adventure skeleton no one knew how he actually I don't have muscles a jet grab on alright cool don't make you laugh yeah yours made me laugh wait really yo who's that Oh Ross what's up with that whatever if that wasn't funny you can't keep up with me Ross you're absolutely man I mean I'm also not proud of my other drove hey hey don't worry we'd even get to my cheesy movie theater a joke so that's all good with me is it it's a wither storm thanks guys for watching this episode of uh do not wait what were you gonna do with this I was honestly gonna kind of wing it but it was gonna be mostly butter jokes and so I was in say liquid like bad get there weathers wearing a hat it's on all of his head's write it back there's only one superhero they can stuff this machine didn't and it didn't it it but an adventure right yeah whether I'm singing you a solo back I'm gonna kill you laughs guitar you can't handle the truth yeah what was that an instruction to be on John Cena oh all right you know honestly let's just pretend this never happened I was wondering the entire episode sure everybody else was don't worry about it it was bad Makemake my joke in the comments and well let's go from there but anyway guys thank you so much for watching this episode of do not laugh before this video ends I want to say thank you so much for all the support you guys see on my channel 3 much everything that you make sure to go check out a red channel Ross channel varnish talents which we love because they're all beautiful people anyway guys Italy I hope got your homework was that Billy I hope you did your homework thanks seriously like we're like this is the second time anyway thank you guys so much for watching Billy go do your homework and we'll see you guys later you 
I just witnessed why would they do that's one of their own people no I'm not doing alright and of course I'm kind of distant lately you guys threw out one of your own to a death sentence yeah he wasn't himself anymore he wasn't one of us he attacked you he could have attacked anyone he could have attacked anyone they could have attacked me I don't I don't care you have two medics here there's got to be some kind of cure we've tried he's not the first one to get stung there's been more happens do they all show the same symptoms or I don't I don't understand nobody's ever recovered from one of these No one of the first guys he killed a few people too what that's why we started banishing them we can't have other people getting hurt because we can't cure it then why are you guys so comfortable here if there's this kind of threat here why are you here well it's not really our choice have you tried digging or like why don't you try and dig out of this place you get down deep enough and you hit concrete great so you can't go up you can't go down the only way out is through that maze yes eventually it's been two years Ross so you're telling me that the only way out is to run the maze that's that's alright that's what I hope Ross I want to become a runner Jin Jin Jin what is it greenie I want to be a runner that is the question why you didn't even think about it because you're still a greenie you've been here all of a couple of days so what what the heck does that have to do with anything it's just running through a maze it's not as simple as it sounds that maze is dangerous you set foot in there you're not coming back do you come back every day and Mark comes back every day because we understand how things work we've been shown the ropes and we've worked the glade long enough and the maze long enough to find a way around without getting hurts what so I can't go just because I haven't been here long enough I can't throw you in there because something is most likely gonna happen to you someone who doesn't know what they're doing someone doesn't know where they're going you're gonna slow us down get us killed or worse get yourself killed well then teach me nothing to teach you alright we have to run the maze every day and you have other responsibilities that you need to focus on you need to settle down in the glade here first settle down in the glade oh you mean this this prison this little this little cage why would I want to be here look none of us wants to be here that's why we're working on the solution but until we can find a solution to get out you need to get your bearings find a way to adjust I don't want to adjust to this lifestyle though I don't want to be content with this lifestyle I want to be able to leave wants to be here none of us so let me help none of your other none of your other runners started out knowing what they were doing the other runners were pissed because they showed their competence you've been here way too short you're untested you're unproven you are still a greenie I'm not a Green iam a person you've been here what three four days you sound pretty green to me green please let me let me leave let me help I don't want to be here I understand your anxiety none of us want to be here all of us are just as scared and confused as you are I'm not scared I just don't want to be here but if we walk out into that maze not knowing what you're doing or where you're going you are going to die and I'm not going to just throw you in there not not taking care of you Jen you're already a man down you need a new man I can be him I'm a man down and I lost someone who had experience with both the glade and the maze things that you don't have I'm sorry but you're not a suitable replacement enough to get stung and you think you would fare better out there you having never even seen the maze he's been out there for months she got unlucky he got killed that's how things work you you stand much less chances against whatever's out there than he did listen I know it's tough I know it's confusing but that maze is more deadly than anything that could ever harm you here in the glade alright they here get your bearings get yourself situated please you'll find a way out try please just give me a chance I'm sorry but I can't come on let's go so I tried to talk to Jen and become a runner how'd that work out not so good not so good how do I do this without destroying these crops you just can't jump on them you gotta just make sure not you gotta be careful around the crops rising leaf farming is a really delicate thing do you like farming huh I love farming I was a farmer before I got here um do you think I mean that's uh I can't remember that's true make sure he keeps you actually break one of the stems yeah what what sorry sorry sorry I'm a little seemed a bit distracted here yeah um I just I'm I think I'm gonna try and go into the maze just focus we got to get these crops in yeah we got to get these crops in but why should why shouldn't I because we're not allowed in the maze we're not runners and and is there like a punishment for it or something oh you're gonna get punished for trying to leave they will probably and then you won't get dinner well the only thing I'm worried about is Barney like seems to be scoping out everyone well let's see just make sure people are working that's why we should focus on our work fine I'm gonna finish these finish these melons I'm going for it I really don't think you should Ross I'd appreciate your support right I just I can't not a good idea I can't be stuck here eventually we'll get out eventually in what four or five more years it takes time it takes time yeah but I don't have that kind of time what are you gonna do find a way out we're looking for one not fast enough Ross you've been looking at every day for two years that's the point you don't understand I don't I don't know why you don't want to leave I do want to leave you think I like it here you just said you like farming yeah I like farming when I get the farm here I'm trying to count the little wins Ross I'm gonna go okay let's I've already made up my mind I'm gonna try and go his second Barney's not looking I'm gonna try and sneak past really don't agree with what you're doing I know you don't you just said it all right I finished these and he's not looking okay he's looking the other way Ross please don't tell anyone all right I'm just gonna scope it out I'm just gonna look okay okay but okay okay what what you doing sky you can't keep me here Barney right what come on sky what you're doing you keep making hah yeah go back to the crop why you're waiting here in front of the melons that I've farmed today I'm going out I don't need the melons sky I need you to stop with these crazy ideas that you're just gonna go ahead and running into the maze like this Barney I'm not gonna sit here as a prisoner what do you like it or not whether you like it or not Barney I'm a prisoner here whole communities that we're building Barney you have a community and I respect you for it what you've created is amazing but whether you like it or not I am a prisoner here I don't want to be here okay you're just going to hurting yourself on this you can't doing this it's anyways it's too late in the day it's too late in the day you kept going through the maze now I just want to look no Scott you can't I'm going I'm going okay let's see oh my gosh all right I can see why uh I can see why it takes like good runners to do this this is uh it's kind of sketchy I hope I didn't I hope it didn't insult him too much he's not a bad guy I just I can't be here just okay I don't know where I'm going where are they where are they oh he was right I've lost no it's getting dark guys guys you in here is anyone in here I mailed someone you you went to the maze with Jamie where is he oh man I'm glad you found me we got separating the maze and I posted up my ankle pretty bad got separated what happened this maze is dangerous sometimes the walls shift and things move around it becomes a death trap in here it's getting dark we should head back can you walk yes we're gonna have to find out come on wanting in there there you were I was looking for you and why is the greenie here he was getting late you guys weren't back yet I had no time for that we got to get back to the glade come on come on stay with me we just need to make it through the door come on those doors will shut you guys are done for I'm gonna make it just drop me brother we're getting out of here Wow we barely made a lot of that long we've really had it out of that one guys as always guys thank you so much for watching and if guys haven't already make sure to subscribe tell your friends about the series tell your mom to your grandpa are you cousin tell your creepy uncle but no i yeah and i'll serious disguise it's been really awesome to see all your guys support and i just want to say thank you guys so much the next episode will be coming out on september 9th marketing your calendars I don't know what that is turns on what day is that that's a great question little Monday here's a let's check the cow a little Wednesday damn I think it's a bit dead yeah Wednesday you're right oh yeah make sure to check that out guys thank you so much for watching I'm Skyy I don't see you later good see you guys on Wednesday you 
I think that it's true that you've slept in a Walmart so alright hey guys Scott here with that guy Barney Ross and I think it is it's who's that I love you buddy well anyway welcome back to another episode of two truths and a lie and before this video starts guys I want to say thank you so much for all the support you guys showed the last episode that was awesome you guys killed it I'm not even gonna ask for a like goal because you guys blew it out of the water thank you guys so much that was awesome you guys great feel great did it and comment what your favorite thing about come what your best thing about Jason is what is your some guys Jason has gone yeah guys today we are playing two truths and a lie and the concept is pretty simple first person 3 points wins and in order to get points you have to guess which of the three things someone says to you is a lie every person will be randomly selected and yeah I guess Ross what is this I thought I was red stone a nice contraption was what you go over to your friend's house oh wow that's probably the most annoying thing I've ever heard in my life alright alright let's uh let's get moving let's see who goes first the lighter is room ooh so you're gonna take out your book and you're going to you're going to see if we can guess your thingy so Barney guesses it right he's going to get a point I thought he guesses it wrong he doesn't get a point at all and Jason being gangster all right so number one I was in choir number two my favorite flavor ice cream is peppermint and then number three I've never shattered my any of my phone's ever girl well I said one under the phone I said to say I said the same thing yes I said the same thing one of my you're using a recycled ideas no not here Barney has the voice that sounded like a good quiet voice I think that true I think because he make a youtube video and he's a careless like a youtuber is and he make me shatter his phone so what's the Middle's one again the middle one was my favorite flavor ice creams peppermint yo okay it's not even an ice cream flavor yes wrong I've never been in choir just gave the point anyway you get a point anyway yeah it's a point let me just summon a point here we go whoa okay there we go all right now let's see who's next all right all right I have red attack on Titan I have moist an anime character before and I've dragged an iPhone screen before listen I know you're a great fan of attack on Titan but uh yeah let's see I think I'm gonna go with you've never cracked your phone you got it Jason is so far ahead Oh you're gone No hey did you not see me walk over broke my god I broke the glass punched you and punched the point no Jason I'm sorry you know what we said were taking away your handicap if we had known you were good at this game we wouldn't have given you a handicap okay all right who's next the guesser oh I got a guess let's go Ross come on how well do I know you I was turned down from a job at McDonald's one brother and one sister my first car was maroon colored huh I think you were turned down from a job at McDonald's okay you got to work at a hospital but you couldn't work at a McDonald's yup the hospital was like yeah we'd love to have you and then McDonald's just like we don't think you'd be good with people all right well next to me boss look at me focus all right look at me I said look at me do just do it hey check for some reason he's still looking I made the parts during these recordings are you trying to tell us that you farted Barney that will be part of the route to finding out I think the law is you did fart yeah I know you've mentioned Mad Max before that's before this recording when I was trying to write the book and I asked hey what's that movie that we went to seeing yes that was partially I think you might have given yourself away beforehand all right next okay who's next I'm a liar again okay I want a lawyer liar and Jason again Jason do you know me how well do you know me all right I have more than one pair of glasses I've eaten goat before and I have three pairs of sandals that I rotate three pairs of sandals yeah bro Oh game I have to have my feet comfortably I I'm just gonna go ahead and go with the sandals because I think the ghost thing is pretty outrageous but I bet you've eaten good I've never eaten goat next I don't know oh the liar is true Moo okay okay okay I stood outside your window for two days all right anyways I got three questions for you I used to play football okay I've never seen any of the Lord of the Rings and presa is my fav food you could say preacher what it's AIT's got an arm man see the thing is people will normally say words they like words oh no what is wrong with you oh I'm now on his territory now we're not playing splatoon that's a good song I'm scared of the high of call Jones LOI what oh no I'm sucking so bad oh my god I can't believe I keep losing this is this is this is unfortunate okay the liar is house owner okay yes sir is that guy Barney oh man is the go mode intimacy humble Johnny I've won a drawing contest I've been stung by a jellyfish I owe you oh I know I know exactly what this is I know totally what this is knowing Ross's food habits that look like the face of someone who likes me the oysters come on can you use these please Ross sat on the patio eating oysters oysters are actually pretty good I've never been stung by a jellyfish misguided Barney so bad every time he says it he always gets it all right Oh Jason you're going in blind crazy insane girl who is knowing all the way of dirt Jason is half gone you can never looking straight to the Jason eye or that you'll go blind like from that when you're staring to the Sun hey did you just write these about Jason all they're supposed to be value Barney yes you just met Jason how are you supposed to know anything about him Jason is having God I think that's I think that's a lie I don't think I don't think you have go I don't have Barney why I like oh he's turning his platform in the dirt he doesn't even notice all right next the lighthouse yes okay I'll take some dirt all right come on Adam let's try this again baby focus time in my soul I got alright I'm afraid of ferris wheels never been tear up and I've slept in a Walmart is so difficult I know Roz Goodwin all right all right I know that I know that the truth is that you've never been to Europe I know that's true yeah I think that it's true that you've slept in a Walmart so wait you said you're afraid of Ferris wheels yes I am you never know when the guys we're going to let you down I hated and then sometimes they let other people on but they stopped you right at the top and then the guys like I'm going on break or any just passes you all right next the liar is yes yes oh okay please please please let me get a point one point that's all I want is one point all right Jason come on all right I shredded on guitar in high school well I mean I'm not really straight I probably wasn't I've never broken a bone and then number three is I hate sky point oh and um 2.0 it's nothing quite like a pity point lemons nice point No all right next the liar is not mine the laughs here we go have the table's turned oh no all right Barney are you gonna find the good point all right here we go this one's gonna this one's gonna blow his mind all right I've been to more than five paksas I've been to minecon twice and I've been to e3 twice convention themed oh yes okay you may you know what you can ask for help you can ask for help my guess is mine con because I think you've only been one okay I'm going it is my card we went to this a Minecon that was the only one I went to yeah that was the only one I would see this month or the one that just happened was in England and so far all right next points the liar half that guy Barney the guesser is Ross all right we're on the sidelines Jason let's cheer them let's be there let's be the cheerleaders we only want Barney to win yeah you know what he turned a little cocky after his career kind of blossom I'm gonna go root beside to ease the cool team days in New York's best seller about that my life hard that was very difficult right next the liar is house owner can Jason take it Jason take this whole thing right now all seven of the marbles okay where's where the marbles come from yeah wait marbles there's marbles all right I've earned a yellow belt it skims over hey I earned a yellow belt in karate yeah I've never been pulled over driving away six to nine look away I've never been pulled over yellow belt was the first one you've never had but anyway guys that was two truths and alive guys like this commentary to the channel click that like and subscribe button also make sure to check out Jason's channel in the description below because people go check out that Barney guy or whatever end oh oh also by the way Jason is going to be uploading his own perspective of this so it's gonna be a completely different episode so go check that out on his channel because he's beautiful people go watch that go check it out thanks guys you 
I've got I've got a present for you here we go hey nobody oh my god I've always wanted this alright hey guys got here with that guy Barney Jim Bob gaming in frost and today we are playing do not lap and before this video starts guys as always I want to say thank you so much for all the sports you guys are showing my channel and the Stewart out laughs series and I just realized that got me really lightheaded whoa alright man I'm gonna go did you die didn't die nothing was lost that day as always guys I want to say thank you so much and if you guys want more doing out laughs you can go ahead and comment down below comment down below your own joke and we might wind up using it I know that I have won one of these jokes that I actually got from the comments down below and I'd like to thank you guys for that but yeah I guess let's go write anyway also also also leave a comment down below telling us and sky to feel better they're both a little bit sick today you guys I got this Tiffany's can you hear it I'll point out the obvious girls stay away from me Yeo Jin come give me a hug bro anyway don't actually don't actually do it you'll get sick even if you even if you hug me in my craft all right my computer you know what's weird it's weird seeing Barney on this platform yeah yeah you know it's been a real long time since you've actually been in a do not laugh so get in the center here buddy I want no I wanna make first drop you want to make four I'll get in the center well that makes first job all right make me laugh weenie yeah turn around right I'm betting like 10 bucks that I'm about to turn around to a house I like I like how I'm like I'm looking over here and I can see what you're doing Barney because of the shadows on shader on my shade of like a big wall here look don't look okay I'm not looking at me abs look at me look at me oh yeah oh yeah oh god ill oh stare deep alright hate with my lies deeper deeper goes ahead oh my god almost left Oh okay am i turning around yeah what did I what did I say I knew it all right what not lot yes yeah knock knock knock knock oh yeas buddy what what what you're looking at there whoa guys look at the doors yeah look at the door animation what the heck oh my god what is this this is new meme frightening and I do not know what to do alright Barney you get your point you you dig it rotates on its axis Mike rats are supposed to rotate I'm free I'm frightens alright Barney get in the center Ross make them laugh right well this one this one is I want it I want to do something a little special for you guys I've prepared another one Oh beautiful a beautiful story okay oh I just sit right here and why are those bookcases so colorful I grabbed rainbow bookcases but this time I want you guys to I can't do I read along with you someone guys someone guys might lend along with me okay someone's took my book letlet Ross this this is dictionary yeah right are we are we reading new the dictionary with you let me get my glasses on all right uh-huh a game ones highest level of player performance a Lister a person on the a list a prominent person a baduk shoe a ssin there's 50 pages of adding the letter a rusty mrs. B no you can't copy paste in Minecraft I wrote this out by hand Oh Doolittle its grandmother in Spanish academic one who is excessively preoccupied with the emboss did you just copy an entire dictionary Rasta second a MEAC to sunny one academic it's academia AK you know I'm a little sick I'm sorry if I'm reading this wrong I'm trying it right right a small library about what are you gonna read through the whole thing yeah I'm reading you guys my book I wrote this is a dictionary dictionary Roz yeah I'm not I'm not reading through this whole thing ah genius but not a not smoking shunning we're not using tobacco products accessible eyes to bring an object or idea in to reach good amount of message so to help me what madam I can't be stumped organize to put into action Ross we're not gonna sit here and listen to you read the dictionary do I get my point yes you get your point I don't know why you kept going my thing is Barney did did you laugh yeah I laugh or what laughs how I said there you can see you to hit nog oh yeah like a real slick one not on a hike with point hey cuz some trouble here I put point all right Ross get in the center Jim make him laugh it's crazy most people is wear glasses the arrests on their nose but Ross he read the on his tongue oh my god Jim alright gonna turn around who else thinks are faster than me huh those are those are bear yeah cuz there's honey bears like honey why are they faster do you not watch Sonic the Hedgehog no yeah me neither I used to see a bunch of bear heads in honey I thought they were supposed to be cheetahs cuz cheetahs are pretty faster the bestest oh god Ross come on the fastest land mammal but if we're not talking fastest land mammal okay dude why do I get you every single time I'm gonna fast I can't remember the fastest like bird is like 100-something miles per hour right so the one with God all right here we go here we got a little a little sickly I've got I've got a present for you here we go you go buddy hey go go ahead just open it oh my god I've always wanted this yes there you go buddy a cage LRAD yeah yeah sir you got to put her back they go perfectly thank you so much man yeah no problem man okay he just jumps off anyway that wasn't my real job check this out did you just kill yourself yeah all right back stand right here turn around uh-huh yeah okay yeah yeah all right yes oh yeah I mean he's all good oh yeah all right all right wait did she change yes can turn around yeah go ahead man now basically I need you to go in here don't go in the other side yeah go on the other side okay knock top who's there right knock knock who's there uh uh hello sir I'm your plumber I'm here to fix your toilet oh thank you it's been needing to be fixed Alyssa you could step out real quick and I can get to work all right man thank you thank you yep no problem okay let me just get up in here okay all right oh boy okie dokie oh boy Oh oh my god Paul okay what's going on sir I'm having a bit of an issue hey I'm laughing I just can't laugh part yeah it hurts to laugh all right I'm taking my point then mmm perfect perfect good job Adam you get it yes ah Barney make me laugh all right we have to stop meeting like this I'll get it will you build it yours get ya your skin.look are you doing Barney I'm scared too okay all right guys guys yeah they're kids to my dreams okay this game is talk cool that sounds more like a nightmare it's so disappointing oh I get it because you're drunk crashing down slowly and you're kind of like losing hope and that's the face of a man who's seen things all right buddy you know I just take your point let's take a point there you go oh wait a minute guys we better be careful or Barney might win let's give up he's legendary that's a scary time for everybody Barney winning do not laugh what's wrong with that tariff is the return supply the return of marketing wins the first episode back uh is it uh you know what let's switch it up a bit Jen make Barney ask me all right uh god I feel like Mourinho's even bliss about science oh now this joke is it gonna work out Arnie's a more bored face the scoreboard yes sir well making science-based jokes no one gets them what is wrong with me or anything I know science-y you're caring people I like it shut wha-wha Jim what the heck is that the monkey all right go ahead and turn around I'm scared okay monkey let's see what you typed out here wait this is this is Shakespeare's Hamlet how did you I love monsters you don't know the Infinite Monkey theorem do you know I thought so so for anyone else who does I think you just died the idea is that before you got any farther is there any other homeworks I need to do before Jim pass ha ha ha I was real quickly gonna explain what the idea is is that if you were to leave oh please this thing I like the foam I got it's a flying monkey good well I get I get Jim's joke it was to prove that monkeys could fly if you were to leave a monkey with a typewriter eventually it could type out Shakespeare's greatest works if you left it infinitely I like how Ross was was the one who actually need a truss actually the one he thinks doesn't get it actually gets these entire writers named monkeys in flavor up cans you're in middle I hope wait let me make you out all right yeah is it the fly Windham oh yeah wow this is impressive Wow it sucks that you can't look back here why don't you and rate why hello there good sir I hear you've been having trouble refrigerating some of your food at night after you've finished your meal well look what I got here for you have you ever heard of a washing machine yes now look touch field Hey you may even lick it you'll learn slowly that this will keep everything and everything well I mean I have to sell all these or else I can't go home to my wife Adam but it's called a smashing Rock ha ha yes the washing machine it was actually sort of funny about this I can't flip vultures the way they wash their clothes is to lather it up and then beat the living crap out of it with wooden sticks really oh yeah that's awesome we just lost just win he's gotten too oh it's got a tune okay good good good yeah the moment turned around and saw the Hat I just walked over I couldn't I couldn't keep the voice up either well Ross I was pretty good I loved him too I left that's all that matters alright I have two jokes to try and steal this game wait a minute oh wait oh at one point oh crap okay all right hold what does he made a buzzer my room made of butter let you do this dad let's take a look 40 corny almost out what the heck he's what's the fart fart well I thank you for it come on you gotta let me try one more time Oh No behold my other joke like the noise he makes alright ha hey Ross if you don't mind I'm gonna eat this cheese sandwich I don't know Adam don't know I was good Oh God Oh let him know you're like Oh dollar oh oh oh no oh oh God oh it just makes it better with the plunger on my head Dragons party the dragon finally farted are you serious pinkie you suck Adam Adam sit on the toilet again uh-huh does this remind you of yesterday yes yo you made me laugh though I just can't laugh hard oh oh really yeah yeah good job out of your sake mmm alright someone make me laugh I'm did job uh-oh Adam if you laugh he's gonna win don't worry this is why I'm going to I'm gonna just keep drinking water just can go one of two ways or either he doesn't make me laugh or I just wind up spitting water all over my keyboard I'm not allowed in the kitchen anymore just got really quiet Adam but he's still taking a chunk out of your bottle oh my god I think he's still chugging cuz I don't know he wasn't that much I just like got your hopes up no I'm just literally just sitting here staring at him I won't even love of God come on man I know I sorry i sorry okay here's where you go okay I'm ready I've been ready for a while now the hype has died down turn around okay ah gonna turn up hello Claudia whoa okay okay I'm so good whew almost I'm almost gonna laugh I'm not lying the fact that Ross is up here just throwing pickaxes down oh the resident we're having lately oh yeah okay yeah Barney what am I looking at so I'm just trying to take out the trash here what if what is happening what am I looking at I feel like you did this wrong are you the best choice are you trying to get it get it so that like Ross dropped the pickaxe on your head and it landed in your head no the best part is I did no no no no the best part is I just get a message help me get a point my joke is not complete here's a pickaxe I was all I was told here is a pickaxe stuck that was all I was told at a point Barney you want good job I'm too confused okay well here's a pickaxe help with the joke anyway guys thank you so much for watching if you guys liked this episode of do not laugh make sure to slap that like button and subscribe if you haven't already also make sure to check every channels out in the ships below because they're all beetle people anyway guys we'll see you guys later bye you 
