@PeterKitch well hello there, stranger :). RT @AyCharlie: Climbing sesh at PG tonight with @takahashimari  and @PeterKitch.. @PeterKitch hi :) haven't been on here for a while... &lt;3 you, stud :). @AyCharlie whoa that's soon! stoked for you! have a safe trip :D. @AyCharlie hey charlie! hope to hang out again once you move to the bay! when are you planning to head out here? take care :). @ziggyb I'll probably use both. This one is my personal one :) the other is public figure type :). My new twitter is AtomicMari. RT @PeterKitch: @takahashimari .. Highlights from 2010 include meeting you, jumping out of a plane, and seeing His Holiness the Dalai La .... Love is about having the liberty to express heavy words and thoughts too, no?. Really? :( 5am toothache. Go AWAY! Really want sleep. Distracting myself via iPhone.. RT @Think_Exist: "[Sleep is] the golden chain that ties health and our body together.". RT @Think_Exist: Love is not about expressing with heavy words..
It is all about understanding, a gentle touch and a pure heart.!. RT @HuffingtonPost: EXCLUSIVE! Tim Ferriss' New Book Video. Crazy? Distracting? Or Next The Big Thing? via @huffpostbooks http://huff.to .... RT @smosh: The wait is over! Pokemon Theme Song REVENGE http://t.co/1bvUmPi RT if you loved the original Pokemon theme song!. RT @cnnbrk: Child kicking seat dislodges loaded ammo clip aboard Calif.-Ariz. flight http://on.cnn.com/dM6d9X. New theories on JFK's assassination: nuts, ninjas or soy sauce?! http://onion.com/cdPeY3. @lonelyplanetUK Thailand Israel India  #lp #travel. RT @HuffingtonPost: WATCH: Brian From 'Family Guy' Does 'Real Time' With @BillMaher @AriannaHuff and @DanaJGould  http://huff.to/c1DFGZ. @HuffingtonPost looks like my 500 fb friends and I missed the bandwagon on this trend.... 10am. Wanna stay in bed. It's Sunday! Wish granted!. @penelopetrunk so true! Thanks for the awesome reminder!. Insomniacal.. RT @rainnwilson: I'm filled with all kinds of win.. RT @BestFilmQuotes: "Life is one long insane trip. Some people just have better directions" -Donnie Darko (2001). L-L-Loves Halloween festivities!!!!!!!. @ziggyb planet granite in sunnyvale offers crossfit training. if you ever want to give climbing a go let me know! i'm completely hooked!. @ziggyb nxt show=last wknd of nov. & 1st wknd of dec.! will keep you up to date! thnx for the support oscar!. procrastinating. listening to collection of mozart in library in search of that song from direct tv commercial. must prep: AM photoshoot.. @ziggyb noticed you do crossfit a lot... what gym do you go to? ever consider planet granite in sunnyvale? you're pretty close by!!!!. @PeterKitch so, stumbled upon your tweet from Feb1st. check it out... isn't it awesome we went?!?! :). RT @DalaiLama: The important thing is that our day-to-day life should be meaningful, that our attitude should be positive, happy and warm.. RT @tferriss: Want to prevent Alzheimer's? Try dancing: http://su.pr/26KJ5V. @ziggyb let me know how the book is! I wasn't impressed by her interview on the daily show.... is grateful, fortunate, and truly happy -- free and relaxed -- alive and well!. EAT PRAY LOVE is the theme of my life once again. EAT in Peru. PRAY in Bolivia while I climb Illimani. LOVE when I get home :). RT @Think_Exist: "Energy and persistence conquer all things." - Benjamin Franklin.. Adios San Francisco! Be back in September -- next stop Lima, Peru!. Packing for 2 months in S.America. Crampons, ice ax, climbing shoes, and Silvio... Check check 'n check... http://yfrog.com/b5rfkj. Hey @perubuzz! Thanks for all the great tips -- leaving for a 2mo Peru/Bolivia journey in a couple days :). Took a 3hr hike to get here, but if this isn't paradise, don't know what is! Gr8 eats, drinks, friends, snow & sun http://yfrog.com/mhkvgj. Squaw Valley for 4th of July wknd has been incredible. Crashing in A's sweet aptmt, hiking through snow, rock climbing, partying, fireworks.. Happy & thankful to have attracted so much positivity into my life The people you surround yourself w is a reflection of who you are. :). @ziggyb CONVERT TO THE DARK SIDE, MY FRIEND. apple is the new christianity. ::gripping my iphone::. @frugaltraveler @lonelyplanet @perubuzz travel'g to cusco & lima for 2mo. prefer to stay connected, but to take a laptop or no?. @StephenAtHome kindle and nook are going extinct as we know it. pft, it can't twitter or facebook. what's the point?. Hav'g watched Waiting for Armageddon & Zeitgeist: YIKES. much can b said about religious institut'ns, its rights/wrongs. what an eye opener.. Breakfast, boxing, ballet, climbing, live performance. Wish'g Moving Arts Dance well tonight as they perform @ the Garage. Happy Saturday ♥. to box? or to go to krav maga? hm.... 7am wakeup call for mimosas, pb&j sandwich, and FIFA! USA got robbed -- what's up ref?!. lastnight: girls night w movies & homemade tacos today: wak'g up 2 book travel plans, day w kitch & putt'g in 2hr of work. life's great!. RT @DalaiLama: For our life to be of value, I think we must develop basic good human qualities – warmth, kindness, and compassion.. Manicured pedicured waxed fed & smil'g despite another run-in w the law. Had good discuss'n w cop about city's plan to outsource police.. @spwells are you lecturing in sf?. RT @DalaiLama: Love and compassion open our own inner life, reducing stress, distrust and loneliness.. thinks it's a little cute when her students know everything about her life and proceed to hack her twitter updates :D. dreamt of conquering V3 @ PG, spending the night @ the studio with my favorite girls(Clara and Heather), rly want 2 go 2 Hawaii w/ my bf. @lonelyplanet thanks for the help! used to dance w oakland ballet, offices right next door to you guys on linden st :D. @lonelyplanet @frugaltraveler @frommerstravel Travel'g 2 Peru. Theft issues. What's best backpack 4 daily-use so as not 2 look like tourist?. already climbed today... but wanting more time in the gym... like NOW.. thankful for a mellow saturday spent climbing w great friends, talk of travel over lunch, barnes & noble w a hottie, and dinner w family.. is so very happy and so very thankful :) :) :). @PeterSGreenberg happy to hear she's been located but what are your thoughts on teen record breakers like Sunderland and Jordan Romero?. just updated my resume... not going to lie... lookin' pretty good :D thankful to my good fortune. now cross'g fingers to get the gig in maui. Think'g of gett'g my navel re-pierced after adventures in s.America. Needs @cammpgirl to come w me to Body Manipulations!. 4:40am: thoughts & ideas are runn'g rampant in the best of ways. attract'g/focus'g on: maui in 1 week & an automated/outsourced co.. @ziggyb haha! crossfit is super intense... i've "looked" too but haven't taken a class -- those chicks are RIPPED!. @BEEFYCHIPMUNKY hmmm you two will have to party without me, I'll be in Bolivia all of august. @BEEFYCHIPMUNKY i loved that movie :D :D hey buddy, your woman is coming home to me in a few days yipee! you coming back to the bay anytime?. focus'g on Pareto's 80/20 principle today & eliminating/purging again: incld'g material belong'gs, time-guzzl'g activities & energy vampires. RT @DalaiLama: Consider that not only do negative thoughts and emotions destroy our experience of peace, they also undermine our health.. RT @PlanetGranite: PG Belmont - 21 routes on the Backside of the main wall and Back Wall.  5.6-5.12d. http://bit.ly/bk0ISU. next on the list: "pandora's seed" by @spwells as seen on the daily show. loves sitt'g down w a healthy dinner to catch up on news w colbert & stewart. follow'g up w a great book by Thich Nhat Hanh is wonderful too. hawaii: booked. s.america: booked. kilimanjaro: done. skydiving: done. what the hell is next? attract'g: 4hr wrkwk & rockclimb'g in thailand. RT @tferriss: New - The Difference: Living Well vs. Doing Well http://ping.fm/PVQoI. RT @tferriss: How to get your dream job for $6 using Google Adwords: http://ping.fm/dvgrw Awesome. (via @titanas). @amybee55 http://www.amazon.com/Law-Attraction-Science-Attracting-More/dp/0446199745 &lt;-about attract'g ppl u like rather than ppl who annoy. Thank you, universe, for the reminder that "each second of life is a miracle". @RARAWWR elexi's mom, of course!. I jumped out of a plane with @PeterKitch Silvio, and Saint today -- LIVE LOVE LAUGH AND FLY BABY WahoOOoooOo!!!! OMG SO HIGH ON LIFE!!!. Interest'g: spent 1wk purg'g approx 60% of clothes only to b GIVEN suitcase full of brand new Bebe & Gucci. Universe: you're crazy!. @RARAWWR hey friend -- hugs -- thought of you during post-show dinner w the kids! Miss u much, see u super soon, much girl talk time needed!. Thank'g the universe 4 respond'g by surround'g me w genuine, positive, uplift'g, self-assured ppl in my life. Fall'g back asleep w a smile. thankful/STOKED about nxt 6 months to come: 2 months s.america, winter in hawaii, pursu'g 4hr workweek. but 1st of all: jump out of a plane!. @adventuregirl having fun in zurich? :D any thoughts on how to spend a week in kauai over xmas and new year's on a budget?. @frugaltraveler wishing you safe travels and will anticipate your updates as i'll be in peru all of july and bolivia all of august!. falling down the rabbit hole was exhausting -- two more days of ballet inferno then it's time to let go and get the summer started!. @katiecrouch YES!!! I'm a believer and TOTALLY hooked too -- if you're down in the peninsula area let's climb!. RT @PlanetGranite: Member Guest Night tonight!  After 5pm, each member can bring in one free guest to any Planet Granite.  And try out.. .... think'g about Tim today -- surely, he's climb'g and travel'g around Phuket munch'g on pretzels dashed w teriyaki. climb on bro we miss you!. man, life is precious. mindfully thanking the universe for bringing so much positivity, growth, adventure and tranquility into my life!

Klaas perfect August night the scours on fire when hell is tight and you told me the words you've been holding inside you took my hand and we start I cry it kiss all my tears but my cheeks never try and I could not imagine feeling sorry sky sky I've read it in the sky Oh ready stay sky love I love riding the sky right skies hey guys thanks for watching this video my very first lira peace if you like this song by kina grannis check out her music video by Wong foo and is a TV by clicking right here you can also download the song for free why wouldn't you it's free the link is in the description box below so make sure you check that out too to see my last video on the channel click right here thanks again you guys we'll see you next time 
because I'm colorblind and everything is red hey guys what's up this is my friend Melanie some of you guys might know her hi okay so nobody tagged me I think this is how it works no one tagged me but we're gonna do a tag today because because I said so and the tag is 100 things that you might not get asked what other things you might not have been asked I think it's yeah I know other questions yes they're probably one of your questions that you don't care about if the answers are too but we're gonna we're gonna force choke you into listening to it anyway here we go we're starting this we're starting this ready question one I don't know I think I sleep with mine closed okay yeah I okay when I was a kid always closed like I was afraid of people coming in my room and like murder I used to have dreams that Freddy Krueger and I were friends but he was my friend and we would go on a rampage killing the bullies that would be mean to me at school so maybe it was real Freddy Krueger um I always do this we try to steal things on the maid's cart and we got locked out and we had to explain to our parents why we were out of the room and it was a big disaster so we don't you just have a bunch of stuff you're like we didn't steal these materials like we put my I board shampoos and stuff hey especially when there's like like interesting things like if you get like a razor like you know you only have got a razor I'll take like at night that it's like a nice friend go see ten oh yeah oh yes you turn number three yeah I don't know you know I know I you know I dunno I dunno I know the exact same like like in the bottom of it ya know like that you're or sheets that goes over your bed also like you're getting into a little like burrito yeah I hate that I don't dude I feel like I get a hold of it hell yeah I just wrap into it you make yourself into a taquito yeah not a burrito with a taquito yeah cuz you're tinier number four um no I've never stolen his Street fine but I stole a I shouldn't tell people that I stole things when I was a little kid I did take a orange cone and I felt really bad about it and I okay I did it somewhere I didn't steal a street sign but a literally stole a sign from Barnes and Noble's before I don't know why I was rebellious in high school I hated the world people were mean to me and there was an Elmo cutout so I literally picked it up walk down to the front door with it how old were you I was like 16 or 17 I was super cool I was like a human being and I wasn't like all I didn't know but it was sick no I I knew it wasn't even like a cheap like like like cardboard thing it was like a store display yeah you're a bad person that was for children that's really bad no feel kids you'll get in trouble number five I love post-it note I have this one i virally so accessible I have this liddie I have little ones glue stick just in case if they don't say why wouldn't you just use a piece of paper if a ghost number six I use online come on I'm an online coupon or oh um I use coupons for life specific stores and that's it I've always use a coupon for Bath &amp; Beyond even though I'd ever shopping above and beyond but I save my coupons for they're always it because their coupons never find they come in the mail and they're like 10% off 20% I mean expire oh this one's from 2011 is a vengeance one gotta keep it forever and scrapbooking they really don't expire like they say expiration dates but you can use them for our you get some nice duvets guys 20% off you can get that trash can you've always wanted but only on number 7 it was a hundred questions we've been talking for like 20 minutes already before really this is bad we talk too much number seven no fun zone here we go I have to be attacked why can't we just make bread I I guess I want to get attacked by a bear what you're looking at I feel like a bear I can't like distract it or something it is just one thing like we're like Divya no way no way there hello fast dude I feel like if I saw a bear I do like it's time to give up on life I'll just just take me I think I would take this form of beef no way no way think the pain which is last and it's also like they've done I mean they'll be dying when they're stinging you weightless are the pain of getting bee stings as opposed to getting all of your limbs ripped off is a parody living me being paid by 20 I'm patting me around number 8 no you do don't be so nice I have freckles and I have this one big freckle a little freckle it's a beauty mark no I wish it won the mole okay look at it look at it that I wish it was a mole it's not it's a it's a big-ass fraggle like it's like it's like if you took like sprinkles and you just put it all in a mountain and it's like a as a sprinkle Mountain that's what's on my face I wish I could just make it into a mmm sprinkle Mountain sounds like a great place let go there are moles right now come on you can do this no I wish I could take a tattoo artist molded ill just say tattoo artist tattoo it so it looks like a mole but then look weird well he'll 1 over 900 no more no more 10 - fun because it happens every single day I absolutely hate it when you try to engage in a conversation with me while I'm obviously reading a book just like hey look at this funny thing I'm looking at and I'm like no I'm obviously engaged in something that's my biggest pet peeve like I don't care about what you're doing I'm doing my own thing I won't ever not be and if somebody corrects me incorrectly I I just want up I just visit Melanie and me at the Eiffel Tower that's a correct sentence you wouldn't say this is I at the Eiffel Tower like you know supposed to be Melanie 9 it's like no it was not number 11 no I count it when my Diaz counts for me oh I just thought about it and I do count my steps but only in Minecraft oh it was like filming something I like oh I'd be like 1 2 3 number 12 yes I peed in the woods oh yeah I even know it's a lot of times I feed on the side of road I eat right now like gee I didn't want to tell number 13 yeah yeah you pee again - sometimes when you're when you're camping overnight you have to go to the bathroom yeah you're not just gonna hold it I feel closer talk about me if you've been going out or we got this pee and poo conversation generally is open let's move out no more tape yeah little seals machine I'm dancing right now but in my head my feet are dancing yeah artwork now I don't have enough ass before I just look like something it's kind of a cool time I'm not going to but I understood that far no I don't your letters day this each ear I not okay oh I read did you chew your penis yeah what how many want me slept with this week counting all of these stuffed animals and animals that we only the number is 3000 I have at least 10 cumin everything and my behind my back in my bed in my body I said in my bed high of 14 stuffed animals inside my body and all going it's a hassle in through customs 17 I'm a queen bitch I'm a queen bitch is what my bed says because it is a queen size is those of yours yeah my scream I like the song fire shrine by purity ring I've been listening to that like a lot I've been really like jaded with music lately so I've been listening to either old stuff or just stand-up comedy oh yeah this thing I've been real istening to viburnums new Tommy so what just so damn good so good yeah number 19 I think it's okay yeah totally why not if you're gay I'm just kidding up I'm kidding no you're gonna believe I'm yeah like a nice pink button-down this place EMS damn inside yeah number 20 obviously I mean have you met me a people of cartoon cartoons forever number 21 this is probably a controversial answer but my least favorite movie Sucker Punch I'm just such a disappointment visually beautiful and it was like a charity it was so pretty but like it we had no plot it was like stupid and if I had to see that girl dinner stupid day I hold our time okay um of a specific movie that I just hate romantic comedies I hate wrong Khan's I cannot stand up have you ever seen 13 going on 30 stupid what about Mean Girls is that a wrong column oh I don't know I didn't really like Mean Girls you're good like I'll be good no me girls in sight high school and people are mean to me is I didn't like Mean Girls I remember 22 uh the bank I think I would bury it on a nice deserted bahama bahamas Mohammed the island so that I can go visit there all the time that's so dumb then show now because those are the places that people look for I like for treasure if you gotta go to like some abandoned gross house and then go underneath and you dig a hole and then you put a little rock 23 I drink soy milk sometimes water water yeah can you have regular milk or down lactose Oh Paula I drink milk I get diarrhea I've been drinking hot water yeah it's a little Chinese lady thing right guys shiny old Chinese ladies out there let me know in the comments - this is not a thing that we do even though I got Chinese second 24 I get chicken nuggets from McDonald's and I put them in barbecue sauce from McDonald's burger sauce not regular Barbie dolls from anywhere else McDonald Barbie's boss good book more reviews of all I know soy sauce Oh number 25 mmm this is a good question Chipotle I get a Chipotle every day I pretty much do eat well every day okay so we just realized that we've been talking for like an hour and we will names are 25 question it'll probably cut down okay so we've been talking for like an hour it'll well I can't dive into like hopefully like 10 minutes maybe more per probably where we'll head out some of our hilarity view much anyway so this is one through 25 check it out next week we'll do 26 through 50 there's a hundred quick there's a freaking hundred questions here so I think we're going to have to split it up into a few videos yeah um yeah come back next week and you can see more later bad teamwork teen vampire romance like you know goat is the biggest section right now huge section yeah no I lie to do I just want to get bitten by strange white creatures that are cold I don't know and fall in love that's what it it they want to be in love with somebody that's going to live forever I guess so why you're gonna die I know so really need is do love me no bitch I'm still 20 and I live forever I'm not gonna like you yeah you're you're old news you're not cool anymore for the pullback in o6o back in l6 when you were 13 years old laughter okay cuz I'm 900 years old I'm into that 
what's up guys welcome to a virgin gameplay video on my channel urgent yeah that's know what virgin is Oh taking marks we're dropping the the cherry what about all those private videos you have on your channel oh yeah I can do or do i watch the private videos today we got lasercorn West Owen and Joe in joining me for a special video we're blaming your nose engines Mountain and it's a PvE or we're all working together and this video is actually also to benefit a charity and I've chosen the coral reef Alliance and they work towards education and conservation of the coral reef all around our world so make sure check it out in the description down below and you guys ready for this yeah one contingency guys because we're benefiting the coral reef alliance here everyone has to do something wat water themed zombicide a so skin or god bulu oh alright wait wait we got this role is I'm gonna go Murr deucey I don't have the new wass skin that I thought I had wait yes I do yeah I got it yeah there we go no he knows what a be friend who's I've been to the beach by the way the coral reef Alliance sounds like an army of crabs waiting just offshore it yeah love some water alright is anyone going with a buffalo I got a relic I'm saying dog I got a rough bellick in my pants but look at my Kraken press oh wait whose physical oh man my fire out bud let's go yellow then blue come here you attack me oh man this man really wants to attack me over here we have the Cyclops oh wait we have to kill no I'm going blue I am going blue as well die o'clock yeah he's gone yeah my ulti doesn't there's guys coming after me Mauri divagate like boxes will you eyes are just called colopsis yeah okay guys questions in cycle coop do a clot let me know if you get low on life I'm gonna fly it no kidding it was an you look like a delicious lobster oh I hit on probably so I crack at him get that Artemus oh she's after me I'm dying oh so close to dead yeah got a vitamin oh yeah she couldn't swim in my water yet Goes Frazier Down Goes Frazier I got you you're infected you guys look great no idea off of it I wish I'd known as the robbers oh yeah you try to get me you can't beach balls for everyone oh jesus drugs Anatomy that all I exploded her how good oh wait Ross hey guys Wow Rajesh my day up got less I need help I don't know I had rise I'm on the fringe is Rasta life oh I thought you said you did no I he can resurrect okay Roger that oh we got him you're welcome I am killing it as Poseidon mess him up yeah bees I get guys I'm dead I ain't just being the least helpful on my own video guys it's easy go easy one and if you don't know what word I melt like a laser coins video hate you guess not from babysitting me that's good how does what we want to happen yeah everything's too hot hot damn this one is really easy how did we lose it we just gotta keep ya dad outside the circles and you win yep it's very easy we are we are we are you easy guys what I got this guys don't worry about it hit him in all to him I'm gonna cover the whole map and bees bees yeah yeah a nice sorry down low baby get out of the circles wait I'm going up in the marked with something is it bees oh maybe part with laughter's what I got Oh get out of those circles oh no Jimmy he didn't he killed me I died yeah a lot of water if you didn't revive yeah the bees are keeping invisible oh the bees oh oh a bitch Marv you can do it just keep doing Maury ya doin get out of here those do it for the coral oh you gotta Mari yes yes couple more hits Oh why yeah you are used to being a hero ah just almost a hero not as much of a hero though as the people at the reef found foundation realize why it's easy remember if you picture an army of crabs standing on a little coral reef there's this guy where he's wielding a fish so I think that counts and he's blue so that counts as well okay Zeus I'm literally made of lightning and lightning is in storms which have water thank you okay I'm like in all of these I'm on a site and I have to drink water to live scheibe Aphrodite dude your tits are out you're a judge you look ready for the beach for me like a beach get rained on see how he says then that's definitely water theme oh the Kraken came out of my storm that was crazy how I did that come here that you Larkin who's gonna be tanking I'm probably in there I'm frozen so I can't save you aha Artemis I'm saving you dance up saving you Craig on well that worked out really well Mitch murdered me oh wait wait I'm going for the wrong way the red one day yeah yeah you got the red ones already dead yeah you leave no you're nauseous yeah okay okay oh I didn't see him this time we're gonna be in a lot of trouble when we get to the lion stage me oh yeah know what everyone's pretty when you get to the lion stage yeah oh you need healing I will heal you all right get that last guy send out the dumbs all right getting that tower tower of a little bit vulnerable good work Bauer's dead power is as I'm a little worried we don't have high enough damage output to do this we do with magic damage oh gee Oh free hugs you if you make me one vulnerable while they're getting hugged it should break them from it yeah okay I also have beads uh-oh hope she hugged me oh wait I'm good oh and I'm stuck you're getting hugs not Adam hug oh I couldn't save you she's can't use anything I'm dead oh don't help me bitch I don't Oh Ian hug got her yeah I lifted the hog emo good thing I described alright on maybe all these save my lightning storm for where their tiny little babies I just gotta stay alive just use my ulti make sure you're healing people the whole time freeze bitch oh Jesus another oh I'm about to die someone should silence them I'm trying to give you they're hunting me they're hunting me a lot can I can I use my ulti yet get out of here you ball um I'm gonna need to drop my ulti otherwise drop it there we go alright I'm dropping my ulti oh yeah yeah hey I got I'm really small sure we only have a few left but they turned a tinier one not after this one this is it if we can get them we'd never beat this stage before we have 6 seconds oh my god you little ones left oh we would've gotten if we had like 10 seconds ooze haze this work really well ah bizzy's juice alright round 5 guys what's the whoops what what's the highest we've gone to we got a new round seven online geez one more oh I can't rise you this oh wait I don't have Medusa on this computer you want to switch computers alright hilarious hi I'm muddy muddy doctor huh she misses lean German Shire no no you got a Heidi harder hi I go to Shire to get my colorful hair my kids that I can't say anything of being boring but I not oh we got a pirate that's water-themed I like it and then Uncle Sam its fourth Nome at the beach function that works what you double boobies on your desk yes does it feel good no please top because you have to police the beach and make sure and I'm gonna guess what I'm gonna do I'm gonna mace what the Aries doing I'm gonna shy he's blue blue like the water I'm gonna shock anyone that litters at the beach oh wait Artemis with a dinosaur yeah the dinosaur drinks from water but if I'm popping up and Fanfan by painting been fantastic dance company Mari look at how adorable this dinosaur is this is how adorable would it be drinking out of the water I suppose can't drink beach water booty oh I'll get a shock every with this littering on the beach that was the purpose of Land Before Time - was that they they were going through a drought and they couldn't find water and they traveled all the way to this to the beach and then they start during the water like this is great and then like oh we can't drink this it's disgusting yeah uuu literate bro Mase ha ha ha that's hilarious that's a mace is he amazing shell I showed you guys thanks Aaron with the fiery power of water awesome dude oh damn oh yeah oh yeah I'm so krill Ian what it's like brilliant but with krill krill look yeah I'm gonna let you finish the laser for not the best girl joke of all time we were playing cod and I got a krill streak did ha ha ha had of course I mourn in taking a lot of damage you okay I see that yeah all freeze oh I'm gonna mace it it's been littering that doesn't work that's fine I was born fish at it that was my dad shark so I have to kill the red guy with magic but yellow first yeah he deals damage I know has a fish burn with the fire power of water ultimate does nothing excellent prevents damage right Wow well done here's a contraption from you it stops him from being so oh crap I think I have my I have my stun so I'll try to save it uh I'll be underwater guys we'll see you later what yeah that sounds like you're abandoning the team or yeah I'll sit him freakin this down got him oh wait wait wait oh so close she knows yo focus focus this one in the middle they're both in the middle which one I'm grabbing one that he's grabbing me both of them mm-hmm okay well oh my god so close we almost have that one down okay oh I just my god are you kidding me Oh impossible no it's nice define fun all right with Wow I can poison them but oh that's okay I died I am attacking him good good call out damn you've grown us one because I was good my seat duck yeah you can have your seat back all right guys that was my sentence mounted if you guys want to try that mode out make sure you download smite if you haven't already huge things to high res for Nabel Augusta do this and work with the charity of our choice studying Keeley's corn wesandjo oven all have done the same thing on their channel so make sure you check it out and see who's got the best round team beach deep seam 
good morning it's Tuesday and I'm waking up to this I don't know if you can hear it but there's a very small person running on my ceiling I don't know if he can hear that knock out that a little tiny man running around on the ceiling anyway I went to bed and stupidly around 7:00 in the morning um so I slept in a little bit this morning it's about 11:00 in the morning um but I've been woken by the Tyrannosaurus Rex on the ceiling so I guess I'll wake up now Rhett showered done feeling all clean squeaky I guess it'll put a makeup on because I'll be speaking to you all day long and I don't want you to be confused about this 12 year old boy talking to you talking about myself there self-deprecating joke to start off the day check alright let the transformation begin instant eye on inflation anymore a big bully racist sometimes all right don't let this freak you up ah just kidding it doesn't hurt at all oh hey weird up to do the hair or to not do the hair that is the question bear okay where am I going hold on hold on I got it I have an extensive to-do list today yeah um oh I should probably get something to eat I'll do that do that tacos and a P geez you're the boat life I love you oh I'm super full like I'm gonna go sell some books I've come to the conclusion that if you ever see a bad Asian driver it's because they're rockin the book out in their car I'd have now gone and sold my books but it's going to take like an hour for them to see if they wanted or not so I'm going to go visit my parents house because um you guys may have seen me taking care of a chihuahua in the past and it's my parents dog and her name is princess and she just went through surgery today because her back two legs are just there they're bad they're broken and they they don't work so good no more blame it on my 80 day baby there you go so that stale is it this bit the road this is the name moves out and see that but because I wasn't like all that would've ripped it apart sale sale not it here's print after her surgery she's got heard satellite dish on and that's where her IV was I won't show you her leg cuz it's all cut up right now and she's got stitches and stuff in it but she's all morphine DUP so her eyes are kind of weird hi prin do you like a camera in your face this is gonna help you recover the camera inside your face hold okay no doesn't like we're trying to feed her some water right now but she doesn't seem good oh she's drinking it now wanted to know - on my green tongue anymore - thumbelina's how you wanna know apron season get better it is dark now oh my gosh um it's about 5:30 I spent a lot of time just looking at princess and making sure she's okay so getting back in the car and I'm heading back to the book store to see if uh they're gonna take my books that's really super dark is um you can see my face okay hi Oh castle bed yeah dananana burn burn fire but panda bear panda bears been in there noon and in it okay so uh I got a freaking rush over to the book store cuz they're gonna close and they can't keep my books overnight because for whatever reason they can't babysit book just finished up at the book store I got there right in the nick of time and I got seven whole dollars going now I got just about an hour before work so let's go home home sweet home to rest up a little bit listen to French pop don't know what they're saying how much is not like I love I love alright I am back at home I'm gonna play a little GTS truck that I'm driving if you think I'm compensating you are totally right hey that's enough GTA v' in a 655 i gotta go to work alright now that my one hour of work is done um you know i don't feel too bad about the one hour of work because normally I work like nine hours a day that my one hour work on Tuesdays I feel like I can say that with pride because I work damn hard on other days anyway my one hour of work is done and now I'm gonna have date night um so I don't know if a lot of you guys know this but um I have a boyfriend his name is Peter I've been going out for almost four years now and every week we have a date night and it's been consistent for almost four years now so uh we just sit on the couch and make out all day just kidding we're gonna go rock climbing let's go ah tired I their to your head look at that this chalk on the Peters I'm gonna go clean up and then we're going to go to dinner cause II think that's what you do I think you go to dinner because you get hungry and then if you don't eat you're gonna get angry at each other because you're we don't want to do that so we're going to go eat stuff and fill our tummy and I hope that was fun watching us climb and stuff we're monkeys okay I don't know why I think it's the lighting looks like guts oh my god why does it look like that on the video my food is jambalaya I'm gonna eat now ginger go bash sugar rush me in that movie run well around Spyro by the way this is an apple crisp with caramel and walnuts and ice cream and and it just looks like diarrhea but it's super good plus it's good for you because it has apples in it there's an apple and nuts ah our mouths alright well that was a typical Tuesday you guys thank you so much for joining me I'm gonna go to sleep I'm tapping out it's like almost midnight I'm super super tired thanks to that freakin dinosaur on the roof this morning thank you guys I'll see you guys soon make sure you tweet me and comment below and I'll try to comment back and all that good stuff alright bye you 
what's up guys welcome to Japanese quickie today we discussed me I mean I don't need you you don't know I need I don't need don't get this confused with one needs and wants are different want is wishful thinking like I want a car I want a burrito I want to pet unicorn riding a miniature trolley but need is a necessity like you need water you need air you need that happy taking picture of Henry to bill on your wall but with the following exercise I encourage you to do all the hand motions that I do you might look at their doubt ask yes but it will absolutely help you learn so here we go I need I don't need you en I avoid pronouncing it like Iran I cuz you'll sound like a king douche you must have speaker like an eighty book you read and I I need I don't need there's a real-life example given I you know II tonight let's put this together with last week's lesson I accordance with it and do it but very briefly I must mentioned if you're an English speaker obviously you are here listening to me your sentence structure would be give me that you must get it through your thick freakin skull that you cannot just translate words from English to Japanese and stick them into your English sentence structure does not work that way for Japanese more often than not scramble your English sentence into yo to speak and then translate it into Japanese it should work most of the time should so for today's example we would take kids need that and scramble it to that give me so in Japanese the translates to sorta told I and ding-ding-ding we've got a working sentence with that said right yoga it just it that I need I didn't eat it this I need Kotick you do that one I need so did you watch TV doneita faster I ain't eating aquatic you did sorta eat a donut eater you take a breather now let's use the other word you don't know I don't need on it yaaay this I don't need put it you don't know what it you don't I go today than I faster I don't eat on I put it eaten I sewed it you don't I donate on I we've got a good pace going here so here's your bonus word for the week told I give it to me here's an example show that John I don't I did it you can remember it because it's like choke die for extra credit specify your sentence with a deck or a and so did repeat reuse recycle and rewatch this episode till you get it and if you don't get it don't get frustrated just snap yourself out of it got this homie we'll continue next week with another quickie so make sure you study math I can 
hey guys I wanted to introduce today's video with just a little bit of background it's a dance video but it's something that's really special to me a few months ago I saw a preview for a game called bound and immediately it just grasped me it takes place in this beautiful ethereal dreamlike world where every bit of the scenery moves and flows just as much as the main character who moves in the game by dance steps I've never felt so connected with a game before Santa Monica studio who distributes the game was actually amazing enough to see my dream of being involved with this game in any capacity and brought that into actuality by building a beautiful costume with the help of Hendo arts Ashland a and elizabeth rage it's really important for me to tell you guys that none of this project is paid for it's not an ad it is not sponsored it is purely a passion project it's something that really means a lot to me so without further ado this is bound Oh you you 
hey guys it's me Marie and this is Japanese quickie this is the first episode so it will be leaving a bit longer than most but let me take some time to explain all this I'm going to be teaching you Japanese in a pretty unorthodox way and it won't really match up with anything you learned in the conventional school but it will help you converse with people on a more friendly and casual level you can assume right now that you cannot use any of the words that teach you with elders wise men ninjas the Emperor of Japan and important people in general but it will be appropriate to use it with all your friends although there will be lots of repetition because that's the best way to learn so it'll be quick because I well I don't want to edit a long ass video lastly the lessons will connect I promise it'll make sense just give it a lesson or two n'l intertwine and all that stuff so they'll let that and done let's jump into the first episode this and that's but remember you sake let's say that's in this that's and this get this I did put it I quit trying to avoid saying RA and Corey cuz you'll sound like a big douche split a role I didn't put it that's this don't worry if you can't roll your arms I can't oh I think we're ready for the repetition part of it I didn't imply something that's far away put it imply something close alright go ahead good it go ahead alright good alright good so it means of that as well but it implies something specific and far away from the speaker's point of view but closer to the listeners point of view just let that marinate for a second okay justjust watch it I was confusing joven foot it go ahead no sweat it hold it no soda go ahead suit it gonna saw that okay yes okay so since you guys are doing awesome I'm completely assuming let's learn some more and confuse the shed of your brain don't worry it likes the abuse hey kids alright go down today alright good ass today alright go ahead okay caught it so to review we've got uh dick coated sort it and build it it could it put it do it that this that which that's this that one which one I could it put it put it that's it for the first episode you guys please rewatch rewind and pause the episode as many times as you need to to nail down all the words we'll continue next week with more fun so do your homework and repeat stuff repeat stuff repeat steps you 
hey guys Mari here so after many requests from you guys and much procrastination on my part my personal channel is finally here and I'm so stoked to share it with you don't worry I know exactly what I'm doing Google and as far as the content goes I've been pondering about this for a really long time now and I have an idea I'm certain of it I thought a plan and in a in a vision okay so perhaps where this channel is going isn't really clear-cut just at this moment and admit I'm not a pro but this is exactly why I'm going to love this channel I want it to be good something that you and I will both enjoy something that involves and adds and moves and flows and changes like salsa dance so this is where you guys come in please answer in your comments below any or all of these questions right here I'd like to know what you guys want to see while Eretz behind the scenes stuff regular vlogs do you want to see me dance and choreograph or do you want draw my life's and boyfriend tags or whatever else is trending these days because I really can't keep up and this is exactly why I need you guys it will also ensure that you will be part of shaping the content that you'll see so that's it I'm stoked to share my life happenings and shenanigans of you guys so stay tuned of course this is subjective change in case you guys hate the idea but I'm thinking starting next week it'll begin with Brad bag Wednesday oh no graphic you're not even paying me yep that is all something else anyway grass bag Wednesday will be a hodgepodge of things that will change each week whether it be a vlog a dance video a scheduler whatever this is where your suggestion will come into play then on Friday it will be Japanese quickie days that's right I'm going to teach you Japanese so lessons will be fast repetitive and efficient hence Japanese quickie God that certainly doesn't sound right now does it or does it the next video will be up on January 8th which is in one week so please sit tight share like subscribe and all that good stuff thanks for watching and thank you so much for the support you've given me the encouragement you've shown me throughout I love you guys without a in 
hey what's up you guys um so today I just figured that I would have liked a much more informal vlog and if you're wondering it's really crappy video quality right now because I'm literally just using the webcam on my laptop so I apologize this is gonna be a scrappy little video anyway I thought I'd do something a little bit more informal I'm just in my office that's that should look familiar to you um that's the computer where I streamed yesterday if you guys missed it yesterday um I streamed for the first time on Twitch so that's gonna be a pretty regular thing um so you can find out on Twitch and on Twitter when I'm going to be streaming and what my schedule will be like although erratic at this time um I'm gonna try to regulate it as much as possible but I had a really super fun time this is sort of what happened and oh that's scaring me like so much hi Peter hello Matt love-tap I don't see how many arrows I haven't what is the core the crap Oh like my jacket and that cute as a cookie on it Oh an apple if you guys follow my Twitter or my Instagram um you might have seen that I was in Monterey for my four-year anniversary with Peter if you've never been to the Monterey Bay Aquarium um it's beautiful the area is awesome oh and he got me a charm so I collect these charms and it's taking me about two many more years to fill this bracelet but he got me a charm to finally finish it off and he got me a little I don't know beauty he got me a little fish people saying that it looks like Magikarp anyway um he got me that to commemorate Monterey because Monterey is all about fish and all that stuff Oh which reminds me kind of wanna be a mermaid so bad okay so this is a question if you could be a mermaid or if you could be a dragon which one would you be and you know what I would choose mermaid in a heartbeat like it would be really cool to fly but there so much that we don't know about the ocean like the deep ocean and stuff and I'm assuming if you're a mermaid you can also go into the emotions like your your face isn't gonna pop in your lungs well I guess you wouldn't have long as you have gills which is really kind of weird is if you had gills anyway think about this kind of stuff a lot I don't know what would you guys be if you could be any imaginary creature what would you choose so the other morning I woke up cross-eyed it was the weirdest frickin thing ever I did not know you could do that who sleeps like this I couldn't uncross my eyes I freaked out man I freaked out I don't know I've noticed lately in pictures that I'm not really cross-eyed but there's just a little cross happening especially if I'm like looking off to the side and taking a picture and looking at someone have you ever done that please tell me somebody in the world has woken up cross-eyed before ah it was so weird what else what else what else do I've got a video coming out today with my good friend Alex blues who you might remember from an old Smosh pit weekly where I promoted his video called let's just be friends I got some leftover vlogs and stuff like that so he's gonna put it at the end of this now just stuff that it happened in the past week or so that I just wanted to stick in somewhere so here is now Chuck oh hello guys I'm here with max you've seen max many times hello it's my Chinese brother from another mother just kidding he's not even Chinese grand every single game thing that you guys have ever seen has been edited by click that is a damn near perfect toasted marshmallow I am proud it is beautiful no it's gusting hello guys I were at a Ryan tub which has so much ah oh you're not but I am oh you're my best friend in a world we must defend miles what are you doing over there magic aerial pizza this looks so good even just through my phone it looks so good what are these called whoops all ribs all right lots of pepper basil cheese pesto mushrooms and it's gluten free I realized I didn't have an outro so here's an outro thank you for watching you guys and I'll see you soon bye you I'm Batman 
if you screw with me they'll try to fix it with flattery I'll come after you with a self-tan battery I'm salty I'm salting I'm sodium and chloride salty don't tell me i'm way too filled with emotion I'm a tidal wave formed in the Silvius ocean that feels really heavy and it's all your fault coming Angelina cuz I felt result I'm salting I'm salty I'm sodium chlorite salty loves Alton I'm salting s alt salty a salt sandwich may seem kinda plain but against a lot better with salt cocaine but just a grain or it'll mess up your brain don't make someone too so Fiona go inside salty I'm salty I'm sodium chloride salt a I'm salty I'm salty melting salty 
hey guys so recently I went to the post office and you guys sent a whole ton of Shh and I'm super super excited to open them today so come on get together mail Ariel boo no pad paper okay yeah M&amp;L love it I love it love it well my birthday is the 24th of January and I'm turning 15 oh man this video is way after January 24th but nonetheless happy birthday oh she adds artists so fantastic a lot of ginger thank you you know right yeah I'm gonna read it now but it's a secret letter just kidding I'll read it dear my I drew the TARDIS at least I try to now put some doctor who goes around it anyway um no I have now gotten into Sherlock in Supernatural yet I want to say I will get into Sherlock but supernatural there's Tommy freaking seasons and right now I'm just catching up with arrow so we'll see if I get into supernatural but anyway next is oh my god dolla dolla bills y'all Daniel Daniel Daniel why are you sending me money because you're my favorite youtuber I'm your favorite youtuber that's amazing you're amazing Daniel and not just because he bribed me but drew thank you Daniel you mentioned Black Butler in this and I I love the Black Butler series um so good taste there and thank you so much for your letter I really really appreciate it and the $2 keep sending me money just kidding but not really the next piece of mail that I'm opening is from Minnie whoa there's a lot of stuff in here pancham middle school one whisper buck what ah buh commands I beat you you guys see this I'm a queen Queen my name is vini and I'm a 13 year old potato I've never gotten a letter from a data before what the hell is this drawing next up is a piece of mail that has no return address mysterious and it is the world's tiniest letter ever guarantor mark yeah oh man it is gum oh my god you asshole here's your skittle back the Panda from one trick on next piece of mail is a very long letter that I will not read out loud but I will read in my head face you're the person I want to see myself as in five to ten years that's what an amazing compliment I hope you're even better than what I ever become and you have the complete potential to do that so thank you so much for this letter um it it means so much because I feel like I just am silly on YouTube and I get to do that and I love it and if that can inspire you to pursue what you want to do and have a happy life because of that that is the only thing that I want in my life to be able to motivate and inspire the people so thank you so much I'm getting emotional let's open another and yes hopefully doesn't make me cry too although I do cry a lot I have pride in a 30-second Subaru commercial before anyway another typed up letter from the endru apparently ander lives in hash tag cutie in the amazing state that is AB G I've never been there but I heard it's beautiful hahahahaha at the end of it oh one more thing if you happen to randomly see joven walking around kick your shoe at him don't ask why just do it for Andrew I think this was actually from a long time ago because it's of happy birthday and my birthday is in November but it's so adorable that you guys have to look at it it looks to me it's by a Sarah Bennett I don't know if I got all scuffed up on the bottom but I think it's Benedict or benefit or VIN yay Sarah Ben yay Sarah thank you for taking the time to draw that it is infused alright I think I got one more letter and then it's off to package time oh my god what is this what the hell what did you send me he'll I don't even understand it's like a Titan right I'm going to meet you ah you're in my face now all right onto packages cuz I like need some big packages that was know who shut the front door are you serious you guys are sending games now it is from Steven Steven what the hell do you thank you this is pretty awesome um for right now Walking Dead shall go here with my Walking Dead grabbing novels and Skyrim and up mascara mascara and the TARDIS can exist together because those two worlds may collide someday you never know it's the doctor oh man oh all right so we've got a USB a one gig USB stick what's on here better not be porn if it if there is a crap ton of porn on here I will thank you sir funky oh my god you're trying to fatten me up are not mid sliced up mmm and next we have uh Tim Tams dilemma of male time in our time I like Tim and then I like ten sigh like a chime time sometimes I like Tim Tams because it rhymes with Jim Jim then I want me some Jim downs all those bottom times double codes seriously there is nothing else in here there's no letter no letter of here I'm going to fatten you up um but really thank you for the snack and the last thing I'm going to open today that I got in the mail is a loot crate and it's good if you guys don't know what loot crate is it's basically a subscription where you get a box of goodies and they're all fun geeky stuff a lot of the things that you see that here is from loot crate and you get it every single month and if you guys want to sign up information is down there you can get a discount um if you use my code so it use a discount because why wouldn't you use a discount if you can write whoa I got a cute robot this is Donnie and I'm gonna open it carefully yeah let's see what we got Spacely it'll go right there it is a tie from blocked ID no ties Oh whoo there are a lot of Doctor Who references in this episode and there I don't look quite as awesome as the doctor I kind of look like a Chippendales dancer Chippendales is a male strip club show in Las Vegas why would you pay money for a man to strip for you when you can basically just ask a man to strip for you and you'd probably do it right logic nostril come I can always use a backpack and it's a drawstring backpack Oh about pair of you oh and by the way this says gas-powered stake which is also Avery restore ears my friends yes both your car bacon card I love you more than bacon wait a minute this is a trick because what can you love more than bacon I got a gas powered stick in my pants here's a t-shirt us what is on here the pit master food most DKP oh yeah thank you look great and if you guys want more information it is down here and also here next to my face that was superb our emails time you guys thank you so much for joining me and keep sending me stuff mail addresses right here I love hearing from you guys and I wish that I could go back to you good boy I wish I could get back to every single one of you guys and I try my hardest I really do but um thank you everyone who sent me something can expect something back in mail so even you Damien in Australia I will send something back so thank you guys I'll see you guys and till then I thought I shouldn't 
what is up I just landed I'm going to catch a cab now and go over to the office to to do some games and gaming I have the worst habit of playing on my phone while being in the back of a car I'm so sick right now oh it's not good I really should have stopped all right breathing in some fresh air feeling a little less sick I'm gonna go put my face on so we can start Smosh games so come on joven know what wait whoa what the hell yeah um good morning wha what's this free stuff dove men smell like a boy why do I feel like death today my nose won't stop dripping hair and make it I'm gonna put a face on that's a little bit less scary than this one ready makeup is crazy breakfast time hmm earth mere I prefer using a baby-sized spoon just because I have a dainty mouth and I think it's adorable whee oh sorry that was a light max how many of those did you take I've taken four of them dude that's all of them I just took everything on your desk so no no so Hank II got me a shirt yeah what is it it's puck from dota 2 I can get people dota into presents then it's just a win-win mine it's now lunchtime yay so lunchtime crew what the thing Jeremy Hegel's worth yeah I don't like Jeremy bigglesworth let's go to a titty bar I love you Maura to the ball too tired biggest tired yeah tired yeah food time this stuff was that that was sinister and crazy came back five people's warmer than one woman's alright fortune cookie time so we've decided to add with a donkey onto the end of every force are you much a small gift of jewelry given or sent will mean a lot to you this week with a donkey oh yeah alright Jodi Jodi where'd you meet with your fortune cookie fortune no you need it because I break it head up I look okay good then you handle fortune oh you don't I want in this know when a done well I guess I'll read my past uh your good dream tonight will come true with a donkey in bed oh my god oh I did the old will soon be ready to receive your talents with the double bug have to be a good you can make a lot of money oh my god I don't want to be part of the donkey show what he says you have to you'll be set spending some fun time on the water soon with a donkey and a water bed it is too bad Joe is gonna die hey I hope you look I'll use a flash Pamela Wallin appointed snap oh here's the real test of thing tell them you want to know the fortune good news you didn't get a portion if that one doesn't have a fortune in it the good dreams night will come true the donkey is a fortune yeah the other side we go yeah yeah maybe you guys will have the same dream but this is that I don't like it I'll good tonight will come true no this is not good yeah maybe we're going to the same bed with a donkey punch in bed oh that's disgusting Google it do boy but only not Google donkey fungal blue waffle a lemon party tough girl I don't go see ya Mario look a look for it look it up is it really disgusting now you know that's on someone is I mean is it like a rose I don't want to make it bigger yeah yeah yeah what is that won't you try to see which body part that is oh why is it called blue it is like a fungal vidyard and that's why when we say don't search for something you don't search for it okay now surfer guys I take everything I said back hey guys thank you so much for watching make sure you check out the last vlog that I did by clicking right here you haven't already subscribed by clicking right here thank you so much for watching I'll see you guys next time titty bar 
